The idea of seasonal eating reaches its apotheosis in Sweden on Midsummer Eve, a magical day of feasting where a cake layered with strawberries and cream is the crowning glory. From La Pubilla to Tramendu to Agut Avinyó, here are a local food journalist's recommendations of the best places to eat in the Catalan capital. The idea of seasonal eating reaches its apotheosis in Sweden on Midsummer Eve, a magical day of feasting where a cake layered with strawberries and cream is the crowning glory. From La Pubilla to Tramendu to Agut Avinyó, here are a local food journalist's recommendations of the best places to eat in the Catalan capital. More than 60,000 vividly rendered tombstones dot the nation's countryside and offer a fascinating glimpse of medieval life in the region. Dating to the 18th Century, the Ottoman mansions of Safranbolu are an extraordinary – and beautiful – example of sustainable architectural design. New research is revealing that Stonehenge may have been used for exclusive ceremonies. More than 60,000 vividly rendered tombstones dot the nation's countryside and offer a fascinating glimpse of medieval life in the region. Dating to the 18th Century, the Ottoman mansions of Safranbolu are an extraordinary – and beautiful – example of sustainable architectural design. As Romania's bear population grows, so do the opportunities for travellers to come face to face with the predators in a responsible way. Running from Inverness to Britain's most northerly junction, the Far North Line passes through sheep meadows, traditional villages and the world's only Unesco-listed blanket peat bog. The baba is often served at Easter in Poland, with the most extraordinary version – the muslin baba – made from a rich dough of flour, yeast, butter and quite a lot of egg yolks. Finland has topped the World Happiness Rankings for the eighth year – but the real appeal for travellers lies in the country's values of balance, nature and everyday contentment. Long associated with swim-up bars and endless beach time, all-inclusive resorts are rewriting the rules to meet the changing expectations of post-pandemic travellers. Iceland is one of the few places in the world where happiness is rising. Locals say the secret lies in nature, gender equality and a deep-rooted sense of resilience. Liverpool FC's victory at the weekend has produced a strange series of numbers in the league's record books. The CIA officer spent nearly a decade selling secrets to the Soviet Union, leading to the deaths of at least 10 Western agents. In 1994, the BBC spoke to one of the spies he betrayed. In the midst of "the car capital of the world", there's a serene vehicle-free island home to 600 people and a once-upon-a-time way of life. As Radiohead and the RSC launch an innovative reinterpretation of Hamlet, a visit to the play's setting in Denmark brings a new dimension to the tragedy. In April 2020, Indonesian photographer Joshua Irwandi captured one of the most chilling and poignant images of the pandemic. For 16 generations, master gardeners in this one family have dedicated their lives to preserving one of the nation's most cherished – and highly sought-out – symbols. He had tea with the Queen, was blessed by the Pope and spread Hawaiian culture across the globe. More than a century later, a festival dubbed the "Olympics of hula" honours his legacy. In April 1983, a British newspaper, The Sunday Times, claimed to be printing an extraordinary historical document. In fact, the forged diaries were an extraordinary hoax. As the UK celebrates Jane Austen's 250th birthday, there's never been a better time to explore the picture-perfect villages connected to her most famous novel. Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.