A decade of conservation was wiped out in days when a wildfire ripped across the Glen Rosa valley. The prolonged dry, sunny weather in March and April created ideal conditions for wildfires to spread. The man allegedly left a bonfire unattended in a deliberate attempt to ignite a forest fire. Authorities have charged a 19-year-old with arson for allegedly starting the fire, which has burned more than 15,000 acres. Scientists in the high Arctic are lifting their labs into the air to avoid damage from melting permafrost. Antarctica's Circumpolar Current has a profound influence on the climate, food systems and Antarctic ecosystems. Being too hot or too cold can be bad for your health. So, what is the optimum temperature for your home? Hot "hairdryer" winds that whip down mountainsides may become more of a problem with climate change. Should rich countries and fossil fuel companies pay for the climate losses and damages they have caused? Atmospheric river storms have wreaked havoc on the West Coast, and are getting bigger. These scientists chase them in the sky to predict where they will strike. While New York winters are often depicted as snowy wonderlands, the city's never been as snowy as you think. Seismic imaging off the Pacific Coast could reveal where the next big earthquake might strike. How do they differ from the ocean? A geophysicist breaks it down for us. An asteroid is going to circle our planet for two months this autumn before going on its way. With storms occurring between 140 and 160 nights a year, it's no wonder this remote part of Venezuela is a world-record holder. Although huge hailstones are still rare, there are signs that their frequency and size are increasing. Over 100 fires in one province alone have been burning under the Canadian snow at an unprecedented rate. A bus-sized satellite has become the latest piece to fall to Earth. How often does that happen? Freezing temperatures affect electric vehicles in two major ways. Watch to discover how and why. The black-necked cranes are a revered species across the Himalayas. Insects make up around 70% of all known species, but many are struggling. How can we protect them better? Antarctic researchers are warning of a runaway ice-albedo feedback loop. But what is it? New York is gradually sinking under its own weight. Can the city mitigate the situation? We visit Morocco’s vast concentrated solar power project. Where sharp images of cosmic objects can be seen 270 days a year. The sandstorm blanketed southern regions in an eerie, orange haze and shut down airports. Cleveland Fire Brigade says each "disheartening" arson pulls vital resources away from emergencies. The wildfire on Arran last week destroyed about 15,000 trees and killed much of the area's wildlife. Drone footage shows the scale of damage following the blaze on Marsden Moor last week. The bridge on Newerne Street is due to be repaired eight months after it was damaged. NIFRS western area commander David Doherty says the sheer number of incidents has been challenging. The Northern Ireland Fire and Rescue Service says ten fire appliances and 75 firefighters attended the blaze on the Glenshane Road. A mild winter followed by spring droughts has made this year particularly bad for wildfires in Wales. Crews have been battling wildfires across Wales, with firefighters described as "on their knees". Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.