The baba is often served at Easter in Poland, with the most extraordinary version – the muslin baba – made from a rich dough of flour, yeast, butter and quite a lot of egg yolks. In a quiet corner of North Carolina, bees produce a violet-hued honey so rare and unpredictable that even experts can't explain it – and that's what makes it magical. The baba is often served at Easter in Poland, with the most extraordinary version – the muslin baba – made from a rich dough of flour, yeast, butter and quite a lot of egg yolks. In a quiet corner of North Carolina, bees produce a violet-hued honey so rare and unpredictable that even experts can't explain it – and that's what makes it magical. The sweltering heat during Buddhist New Year calls for Thailand's cooling khao chae, a fragrant and refreshing bowl of rice delicately scented with flowers. Home to three Michelin-starred restaurants and a royal gingerbread legacy, the unassuming Lancashire town of Ormskirk is fast becoming the UK's most delicious destination. From Korea's doenjang and gochujang to Hong Kong's XO sauce and East Asia's fish sauce, Asian cuisines provide hundreds of ways to flavour and season dishes. The sweltering heat during Buddhist New Year calls for Thailand's cooling khao chae, a fragrant and refreshing bowl of rice delicately scented with flowers. Home to three Michelin-starred restaurants and a royal gingerbread legacy, the unassuming Lancashire town of Ormskirk is fast becoming the UK's most delicious destination. A Cambodian chef is one of a few women looking to revive her culture's nearly forgotten Khmer recipes. London's Darjeeling Express – the only all-female Indian kitchen in the world – is ground zero for Asma Khan, a champion of women's empowerment in a movement that is now global. African fine dining is often overlooked, but now restaurants are getting their just deserts. Massimo Bottura is one of the world's best chefs and his recent food projects bring elegant dining experiences to underserved communities – while reducing waste. 'Off-Map Destination' winner Wolfgat offers a menu made from hyper-local and foraged ingredients. The Braai tradition in South Africa is more than just a BBQ, it's a phenomenon that ties the nation together. Mangal 2, a fixture on the London food scene, is redefining Turkish cuisine in a city constantly evolving. At Michelin-starred Semma, chef Vijay Kumar brings deeply personal dishes from his childhood to the plate. At Icca, Japanese sushi master chef Kazushige Suzuki blends ancient methods with other cuisines. As part of its mission, Silo uses a nose to tail and root to tip approach to cooking out of respect for nature. The menu at the Icehotel, the world's first hotel made out of ice and snow, is served on plates of ice. London's Darjeeling Express is ground zero for chef Asma Khan, a champion of women's empowerment. Foraging is one of Finland's favourite hobbies and an essential part of the culture. Floating in the middle of a Norwegian fjord, Restaurant Iris takes diners on an 'experiential dining' journey. Deniseea Taylor is a mixologist who teaches what she jokingly calls 'drunk Black History'. Taste of China: How chef Andrew Wong takes diners on a culinary journey across China's provinces. US baker and chef Nancy Silverton explains the difference between British and American scones. Inside the kitchen of Italian chef Massimo Bottura's new restaurant Al Gatto Verde. Mastic artichokes are a special variety beloved in the Urla region of Turkey. Shortlisted for the prestigious James Beard Award, Dept of Culture only has one table, and it's sold out. An article claiming the American paternity of pasta carbonara caused an uproar. But what is a real carbonara? How did this humble Mediterranean dish make it to Michelin-star restaurants in France? From an absurd papal edict to the horrors of Nazism: the mysterious origin of a pie. Claire Ptak uses brown sugar instead of white in her Victoria Sponge as it yields a moister cake. Every year, millions of people celebrate the founder of Buddhism's birth by enjoying free meals at temples. Known in Mexico as "fake guacamole", guacachile is a silky, delicious sauce made with just four ingredients – not including avocados. Can diners tell the difference? In The Ikaria Way, Greek American chef Diane Kochilas offers a roadmap for people who want to incorporate aspects of the Mediterranean island's "Blue Zone" diet into their lives. The annual celebration to honour the patron Saint of Wales includes cawl, an easy and succulent lamb stew with potatoes and vegetables. Godawan whisky was created to help protect a critically endangered bird. It’s also championed by the king of the Jaisalmer royal family. Plump, spicy and juicy, these chorizo dumplings from the cookbook, Double Awesome Chinese Food, are accompanied by a white bean puree and coriander-infused oil. Manna is mentioned 17 times in the Bible and was harvested in the Mediterranean for more than a millennium. Now, a farmer is reviving this ancient "superfood". The famed chef and author tells the BBC's Katty Kay that it was finding academia too “esoteric” that led him to seek out a simpler path: to help the world simplify its food. It's a mashup of an Italian-style hoagie and a Southern po' boy, with a distinctly delicious Middle Eastern twist. Sweet, tangy and packed with probiotics, gira has long been a go-to winter tonic – and is now making a comeback in craft breweries and kombucha-style artisanal brands. As millions of people break their Ramadan fast, many believers around the world reach for Om Ali – a wildly popular dish tied to an unbelievable legend. Former Tate Modern director Vicente Todolí founded Todolí Citrus Fundació to preserve rare citrus varieties and compile a catalogue of farming knowledge to inspire future generations. After being sealed off from the outside world for decades and experiencing a mass exodus, Albania is leaning into its culinary roots with the help of grandma chefs. Kek lapis is a sublime art form, involving numerous colours and flavours commingling into an oh-so-soft and delicious cake that hides a kaleidoscope of intricate geometric patterns. Italian cuisine may be one of the most recognised and loved in the world. But now, a food historian is arguing that the Italian food as we know it is barely a few decades old. Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.