McIlroy and Lowry made three bogeys on the back nine after a 90-minute weather delay Zurich Classic - fourth-round leaderboard -28 B Griffin & A Novak (US); -27 N Hojgaard & R Hojaard (Den); -26 J Knapp & Capan III (US); -25 M Thorbjornsen & Vilips (US/AUS), T Crowe & T Dickson (AUS/US), D Lipsky, D Wu (US), L List & H Norlander (US/Swe) Selected others: -22 R McIlroy & S Lowry (NI/Ire), -21 A Rai & S Theegala (Eng/US), -19 D Skinns & B Taylor (Eng); -16 R MacIntyre & T Detry (Sco/Bel) Full leaderboard Rory McIlroy and Shane Lowry faltered in their bid to win back-to-back Zurich Classic of New Orleans titles as American pair Andrew Novak and Ben Griffin claimed their first PGA Tour win. Starting the alternate-shot final round five shots off the lead, McIlroy and Lowry shot two-under 34 on the front nine, but stumbled with bogeys at 13, 15 and 17 after play resumed following a 90-minute weather delay. With a birdie on the last, McIlroy and Lowry carded a closing even-par 72 to finish in a tie for 12th. As McIlroy, playing for the first time since winning the Masters, and Lowry faded on the back nine, a three-way battle emerged in the closing stages. Novak and Griffin, who held a three-shot lead after three rounds, finished strongly to clinch a one-shot win over Danish twins Nicolai and Rasmus Hojgaard. The overnight leaders were tied at -27 with another American pair in Jake Knapp and Frankie Capan III before a decisive two-shot swing on the par-three 17th. While Knapp and Capan III made bogey after finding water, Griffin holed a superb birdie putt from the back of the green to establish a two-stroke cushion with one hole left. The Hojgaard brothers birdied the par-five 18th to card a four-under 68, but finished one shot shy as Novak and Griffin made par for a winning 71. It was a particularly satisfying victory for Novak, who lost to Justin Thomas in a play-off at last week's RBC Heritage. Suryavanshi, 14, makes history with stunning IPL century Why were there thousands of empty seats at FA Cup semi? National power outage stops day's play at Madrid Open A gritty crime saga set in Liverpool starring Sean Bean Louis Theroux visits the West Bank to meet Israeli settlers Panorama investigates the truth about baby food pouches The Doctor and Belinda face absolute terror The 'rugby student' stepping up to lead Ireland Pre-contract agreements - why are they different in NI? Record-breaker Dunlop 'breaks mould' of modern sporting heroes Meet Jude McAtamney - the New York Giants kicker from Derry Who are the big winners & losers from the NFL Draft? 'Liverpool still need new blood' - where will Slot strengthen? A mole, a Lion and a confession - Premiership Rugby talking points Could Wrexham really reach the Premier League? Meet the heavyweight who teaches in sign language The contenders to derail England's home World Cup 'A moment 35 years in the making, this was Anfield's day of destiny' Eubank narrowly beats Benn - extended highlights. VideoEubank narrowly beats Benn - extended highlights Soap opera twists and fatherly love - but what next for Eubank and Benn? 'No-one expected this' - how Slot guided Liverpool to the title Man City beat Forest to reach FA Cup final. VideoMan City beat Forest to reach FA Cup final Who has made Troy's Premier League team of the week? London Marathon breaks world record for most finishers Marathon one of the best experiences of my life - Yee 'Twenty times' - but now Man Utd must exit 'Ice Age' What next for Crystal Palace after WSL relegation? Resilient England finally get test they needed Highlights: Palace beat Villa to reach FA Cup final. VideoHighlights: Palace beat Villa to reach FA Cup final 'Off days don't exist' for Celtic 'mentality monsters' 'Glasner's FA Cup heroes give Tuchel food for thought' Copyright © 2025 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.