The impact of what President Trump has done so far is being felt in every corner of American life. Spain's Pedro Sánchez warns against speculation and says power has been restored in parts of the country. The impact of what President Trump has done so far is being felt in every corner of American life. Spain's Pedro Sánchez warns against speculation and says power has been restored in parts of the country. It's election day in Canada and the main party leaders have called on citizens to stay united amid US tariff threats. Vladimir Putin calls a three-day ceasefire in May, coinciding with events marking the 80th anniversary of World War Two's end. Trump's border czar Tom Homan says the mothers had made the choice for their citizen children to be removed with them. UPFs, such as crisps, biscuits, ice cream, hot dogs and fizzy drinks, are increasingly common in diets worldwide. At least 10 others were killed after a car drove into a crowd at a street festival in Vancouver, Canada on Saturday night. Liverpool FC's victory at the weekend has produced a strange series of numbers in the league's record books. The CIA officer spent nearly a decade selling secrets to the Soviet Union, leading to the deaths of at least 10 Western agents. In 1994, the BBC spoke to one of the spies he betrayed. The BBC's Lyse Doucet breaks down the key issues weighing on voters' minds as Canadians cast their ballots. The race team told BBC News that both drivers were treated, released, and are recovering well, though still sore. Watch what happens when we try to take one of the world's oldest motor homes, a 1935 Pontiac, for a spin. Ben James recreated nine of the 11 Tube lines in his interactive map, with coding assisted by AI. Organisers of the festival where a car ramming attack killed 11 people say they are "heartbroken". The BBC's religion editor Aleem Maqbool explains why it's so difficult to guess who will be the next pontiff. Hundreds of thousands of mourners gather in Rome to pay tribute to the late pontiff. The BBC asked people in Washington DC if they follow Canadian politics and about the future of US-Canada relations. As polar tourism surges, experts warn of its environmental impact. From transport choices to local food, here's how to visit responsibly while protecting fragile ecosystems. Amid talk of sustainable aviation fuel and electric flights, there's another form of air travel currently being mooted as a green alternative to flying: the airship. With season three of The White Lotus drawing new visitors to the already bustling shores of Phuket and Koh Samui, a very different story is unfolding across the Gulf of Thailand. The Clearwater Ferry, which had 45 people on board, was struck by a boat which then fled the scene. Photos show the disruption caused by power cuts that have affected large parts of Spain and Portugal. Ronnie O'Sullivan and Luca Brecel both reach the quarter-finals at the Crucble after winning the one frame needed. BBC economics editor Faisal Islam on what comes next for the US president's central economic policy. The retail giant's online business remains suspended with no indication yet when it will be restored. Earwax can contain valuable indicators to a person's health. Now scientists are analysing its chemistry in the hope of finding new ways of diagnosing diseases. A review into the BBC's workplace culture was commissioned in the wake of allegations against Huw Edwards. Titus Andronicus is the Bard's most violent work, and a new production is set to be one of the most extreme takes on it yet. It raises the question: why do we watch such brutality? As Romania's bear population grows, so do the opportunities for travellers to come face to face with the predators in a responsible way. From Korea's doenjang and gochujang to Hong Kong's XO sauce and East Asia's fish sauce, Asian cuisines provide hundreds of ways to flavour and season dishes. Turning lawns into meadows can have big benefits for people, wildlife and the climate. Here's why 'meadowscaping' has become the latest gardening craze. The fitness influencer went silent after a story about her fiancee allegedly cheating went viral. Essential climate news and hopeful developments across the globe, every Tuesday in your inbox. Click here to download the BBC app for Apple and Android devices. The full story on the Royal Family, in your inbox every Thursday. Don't have time to read everything right now? Your BBC account lets you save articles and videos for later. The week’s best stories, handpicked by BBC editors, in your inbox every Tuesday and Friday. News and expert analysis for every schedule. Get the morning and evening editions of our flagship newsletter in your inbox. Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.