Sanders played four seasons of college football, two with Jackson State and two with Colorado under his father's coaching The Atlanta Falcons have apologised to Shedeur Sanders after their defensive co-ordinator's son helped to prank call the young quarterback during the NFL Draft. In video footage on social media, Sanders can be heard taking a call from someone purporting to be the New Orleans Saints' general manager Mickey Loomis. The caller tells Sanders the Saints will make him their next pick before saying that he is going to "have to wait a little bit longer". Sanders - whose father Deion began his storied NFL career with the Falcons - ended up being selected by the Cleveland Browns as the sixth pick of the fifth round and 144th overall. "Earlier in the week, Jax Ulbrich, the 21-year-old son of defensive co-ordinator Jeff Ulbrich, unintentionally came across the draft contact phone number for Shedeur Sanders off an open iPad while visiting his parent's home and wrote the number down to later conduct a prank call," said a Falcons statement. "Jeff Ulbrich was unaware of the data exposure or any facets of the prank and was made aware of the above only after the fact. "The Atlanta Falcons do not condone this behaviour and send our sincere apologies to Shedeur Sanders and his family, who we have been in contact with to apologise to, as well as facilitate an apology directly from Jax to the Sanders family. "We are thoroughly reviewing all protocols, and updating if necessary, to help prevent an incident like this from happening again." Jax Ulbrich also made an apology on social media, saying he had made a "tremendous mistake" and described what he did as "completely inexcusable, embarrassing, and shameful". He added: "I'm so sorry I took away from your moment, it was selfish and childish." Sanders, who had been tipped to be one of the first picks, eventually became the sixth quarterback selected in the draft and the second by the Browns. "It didn't really have an impact on me," said Sanders when asked about the prank call. "I think of course it was a childish act, but everybody does childish things here and there." Sanders' father Deion - who had a notable career during which he played cornerback in defence as well as a kick returner and wide receiver on offence - coached his son at Colorado. The NFL Hall of Famer also played in the World Series - the pinnacle of baseball - for the Atlanta Braves in 1992. NFL fixtures and results Get American Football news sent straight to your phone Watch World Snooker Championship: O'Sullivan and Brecel seal quarter-final spots Suryavanshi, 14, makes history with stunning IPL century Championship: Bristol City look to seal play-off spot at Leeds A gritty crime saga set in Liverpool starring Sean Bean Louis Theroux visits the West Bank to meet Israeli settlers Panorama investigates the truth about baby food pouches The Doctor and Belinda face absolute terror Who are the big winners & losers from the NFL Draft? 'Liverpool still need new blood' - where will Slot strengthen? A mole, a Lion and a confession - Premiership Rugby talking points Could Wrexham really reach the Premier League? Meet the heavyweight who teaches in sign language The contenders to derail England's home World Cup 'A moment 35 years in the making, this was Anfield's day of destiny' Eubank narrowly beats Benn - extended highlights. VideoEubank narrowly beats Benn - extended highlights Soap opera twists and fatherly love - but what next for Eubank and Benn? 'No-one expected this' - how Slot guided Liverpool to the title Man City beat Forest to reach FA Cup final. VideoMan City beat Forest to reach FA Cup final Who has made Troy's Premier League team of the week? London Marathon breaks world record for most finishers Marathon one of the best experiences of my life - Yee 'Twenty times' - but now Man Utd must exit 'Ice Age' What next for Crystal Palace after WSL relegation? Resilient England finally get test they needed Highlights: Palace beat Villa to reach FA Cup final. VideoHighlights: Palace beat Villa to reach FA Cup final 'Off days don't exist' for Celtic 'mentality monsters' 'Glasner's FA Cup heroes give Tuchel food for thought' Copyright © 2025 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.