Laura Deas shone at equestrian events, led Wales in tetrathlon and played hockey and netball before successfully making the transition to the skeleton. Former Winter Olympics skeleton bronze medallist Laura Deas has announced her retirement from the sport. The 36-year-old Wrexham-born competitor's career highlight came at the 2018 Pyeongchang Games in South Korea, where she finished third - sharing the podium with gold medallist and good friend Lizzy Yarnold. That was the first time a British duo had mounted the same podium at a Winter Games. Deas finished 19th at her next Olympics, the 2022 Beijing Games, and missed the 2023-24 season as she was pregnant. Deas returned to training following the birth of her daughter, but having not raced since the end of the 2022-23 campaign, has now decided to quit competing. Her final race was a World Cup finale in February 2023, where she took a silver medal that she says was "a lovely sign off". "Immediately after the Beijing Olympics, I wanted to at least do one more season because I didn't want to leave the sport on that note because they (the Beijing Games) hadn't gone so well," Deas told BBC Radio Wiltshire. "So I definitely knew that I had at least one more season in me from that point onwards. "But in my head, it was quite an open-ended situation. I didn't really have a hard end point in mind, and I think partly that was because I didn't really want to approach any race knowing for sure that it was going to be the last time I ever stepped on ice. "Because the thing about our sport, really, is that there's no way to just do it recreationally." She finished second in her final race, a World Cup event at Sigulda, Latvia, and has fond memories of that day. "I managed to win a medal, which was a lovely sign off," said Deas. "So I was thinking, 'well, if this is the last time I set foot on ice, what a nice way to do it'. "I mean, that's the thing, isn't it? For a lot of athletes, it's other things that contribute to that decision to move on and do other things. Sometimes it's injury, sometimes it's just performance. "It was a really nice race as well, because a lot of my family were able to be there as well, and friends, and it was a lovely atmosphere. "And it was the end of a season that had actually been very healing for everyone after the Olympic disappointment, to be able to go back onto the World Cup tour and have some success and kind of really show everyone what we could do again." You can listen to the full interview with Laura Deas on BBC Radio Wiltshire's Sport at Six on Monday, 28 April, 18:00 BST and later on demand. Why were there thousands of empty seats at FA Cup semi? National power outage stops day's play at Madrid Open Who are the big winners & losers from the NFL Draft? A gritty crime saga set in Liverpool starring Sean Bean Louis Theroux visits the West Bank to meet Israeli settlers Panorama investigates the truth about baby food pouches The Doctor and Belinda face absolute terror Who are the big winners & losers from the NFL Draft? 'Liverpool still need new blood' - where will Slot strengthen? A mole, a Lion and a confession - Premiership Rugby talking points Could Wrexham really reach the Premier League? Meet the heavyweight who teaches in sign language The contenders to derail England's home World Cup 'A moment 35 years in the making, this was Anfield's day of destiny' Eubank narrowly beats Benn - extended highlights. VideoEubank narrowly beats Benn - extended highlights Soap opera twists and fatherly love - but what next for Eubank and Benn? 'No-one expected this' - how Slot guided Liverpool to the title Man City beat Forest to reach FA Cup final. VideoMan City beat Forest to reach FA Cup final Who has made Troy's Premier League team of the week? London Marathon breaks world record for most finishers Marathon one of the best experiences of my life - Yee 'Twenty times' - but now Man Utd must exit 'Ice Age' What next for Crystal Palace after WSL relegation? Resilient England finally get test they needed Highlights: Palace beat Villa to reach FA Cup final. VideoHighlights: Palace beat Villa to reach FA Cup final 'Off days don't exist' for Celtic 'mentality monsters' 'Glasner's FA Cup heroes give Tuchel food for thought' Copyright © 2025 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.