While Meta says the AI chatbot is a "good thing", some users have shared their frustrations. An OpenAI executive told a US judge the company would be interested in buying the popular browser. But it said it would still consider human involvement when selecting winners. The AI will analyse the hens' behaviour and alert the farmer to any potential issues. GCHQ is getting a neighbour – but how will local residents benefit? Daniel Virin, 22, coined the idea after struggling with the competitive student housing market. Back pain is one of the leading causes of disability in the world, but an AI-powered app is being used to help patients in the UK to manage their symptoms. But how does it measure up? Inkblot tests play with the human imagination and our mind's ability to impart meaning onto the world around us – but what does AI see in them? Sarah De Lagarde lost an arm and a leg after being hit by two trains in London. Now, she has an AI-powered arm. We find out how AI blurs the line between creation and automation, raising questions about the essence of art. Two voice-over artists were listening to a podcast when they heard their own stolen AI-generated voices. AI v The Mind: We explore the world of food and ask if human expertise is the only way to deliver great flavour. A look through footage from the Paris 1924 Olympics gives viewers a chance to reflect on how much has changed. A project using AI and sports science identifies potential future athletes from the crowds of Olympic fans. In a clash of wit and technology, we bring together two unlikely adversaries: a comedian and an AI chatbot. Filmmaker Gary Hustwit has created a documentary which can rewrite itself before every screening. In a new series, we will test the limits of the latest AI technology by pitting it against human experts. Some politicians have found themselves victims of deepfakes. Can the public trust politicians in the age of AI? A company’s motion capture system offers access to advance animation capacities at an affordable price. Can technology help us keep a connection with lost loved ones? Using AI to spot future fashion trends could also help reduce clothing waste. The team developing advanced flight safety aids in a small South African suburb. Google DeepDream explores how artificial intelligence can produce dream-like art. ChatGPT has been hailed as a game-changer, but how smart are AI chatbots really? AI is changing how we interact with everything – from food to healthcare, travel and also religion. Scientists are exploring the possibilities of using AI in communicating with other species. Is it possible for artificial intelligence to develop consciousness and dream up emotions? A district council is running a trial with an AI company to try to speed up difficult decisions. Artists hit back on social media to warn artificial intelligence may be endangering their livelihoods. Schools are developing different strategies for managing how students use AI technology. Led by Jensen Huang, dubbed the 'Taylor Swift of tech', the chip giant has become pivotal in the race for AI supremacy. Writers are protesting over what they describe as "any piracy" of their works being used by Meta's AI model. The chip manufacturing giant will require licences to export its H20 AI chip to China. As online users create Barbie-like dolls of themselves, experts urge caution over AI's energy and data use. Claim follows Mr Musk's own lawsuit earlier this year against OpenAI's Sam Altman. Recall had been dubbed a "privacy nightmare" but has made changes since its original launch was pulled. Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.