Residents stuck on trains, phones not working, checkouts off: How a massive power cut caused chaos. Millions of people are without without electricity, while internet and phone networks are also down. Ukraine calls for an "immediate" ceasefire of at least 30 days in response. The closed-door meeting will begin in the Sistine Chapel and will involve some 135 cardinals from across the world. It is not yet clear who will be held responsible for the cost of repairing Rothko's Grey, Orange on Maroon, No. 8. Millions of people are without without electricity, while internet and phone networks are also down. Spain's Pedro Sánchez warns against speculation and says power has been restored in parts of the country. Vladimir Putin calls a three-day ceasefire in May, coinciding with events marking the 80th anniversary of World War Two's end. Ukraine calls for an "immediate" ceasefire of at least 30 days in response. Police make 25 arrests so far as officers target Paris, Marseille, Bordeaux and, the city of Lyon. The US president says he fears the Russian leader is "tapping me along" given Moscow's strikes on Kyiv earlier this week. The late pontiff was laid to rest in a private ceremony on Saturday following a public funeral at the Vatican on Saturday. 180 British Jews joined groups marking the liberation of the Nazi concentration camp in Germany. Jens-Frederick Nielsen says the island must "stand together" with Denmark during a highly symbolic visit to Copenhagen. Photos show the disruption caused by power cuts that have affected large parts of Spain and Portugal. Visitors have noticed a unique atmosphere at the Vatican in the days before Pope Francis's funeral and the conclave. Ukraine's leader has ruled out recognising Russian control of the peninsula as part of a Trump peace plan. Hélène Perlant alleges that a priest at Notre-Dame de Bétharram beat her at a summer camp when she was 14. The rail and road link will slash journey times between much of Scandinavia and continental Europe. From traffic lights turning off in Spain, to Metro stations plunged into darkness in Portugal - power outages have caused havoc. Hundreds of thousands of mourners gather in Rome to pay tribute to the late pontiff. From Pius XII to Benedict XVI, the BBC looks back at video from papal funerals since 1958. Holocaust survivors were part of the crowds taking part in the annual 'March of the Living', 80 years after the camp was liberated. From mourners outside the Vatican to world leaders, tributes poured for Pope Francis who died aged 88. Photos show the disruption caused by power cuts that have affected large parts of Spain and Portugal. Millions of people are without without electricity, while internet and phone networks are also down. Residents stuck on trains, phones not working, checkouts off: How a massive power cut caused chaos. From traffic lights turning off in Spain, to Metro stations plunged into darkness in Portugal - power outages have caused havoc. It is not yet clear who will be held responsible for the cost of repairing Rothko's Grey, Orange on Maroon, No. 8. Vladimir Putin calls a three-day ceasefire in May, coinciding with events marking the 80th anniversary of World War Two's end. Ukraine calls for an "immediate" ceasefire of at least 30 days in response. Police make 25 arrests so far as officers target Paris, Marseille, Bordeaux and, the city of Lyon. The closed-door meeting will begin in the Sistine Chapel and will involve some 135 cardinals from across the world. Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.