Alexis Mac Allister on Instagram after winning his first Premier League title: "I never forget where I come from. From a family that taught me the value of hard work, from dreams born with an Irish surname and a truly Argentine heart. "And today, from Liverpool, it writes an unforgettable chapter. "When I joined this club, I knew it was a special place. But what I've experienced this year has gone beyond anything I ever imagined. "Every training session, every match, every time I stepped onto the pitch at Anfield… I felt the weight of this shirt and the passion of a unique fanbase. "It took hard work, commitment, giving everything in every moment. Because wearing this shirt isn't for just anyone… and because I've dreamt of this since I was a boy. "Lifting the Premier League trophy with Liverpool is the dream come true. One that began many years ago, and today becomes reality. "Thank you to my family, who were always there. Thank you to the club, for believing in me. Thank you to football, for giving me so much. And thank you to all of you, for making it eternal. "This is Liverpool. This is what it means to be champions." Luke ReddyBBC Sport Senior Journalist A last-minute winner, a comeback, an away day for the ages, a cup win, a league title. Just some of football's sweetest elements. They do not arrive too frequently, they punctuate a season if you are lucky and yet, though they fleetingly come a fan's way, their memory lasts a lifetime. Perhaps only one thing can make such moments of joy more significant - who you share them with. A close friend, a spouse, a family member - a connection can take one's emotion and increase it by orders of magnitude. Shortly before Liverpool's European Cup win in 2019, fan and renowned Kopite Stephen Monaghan formed part of an emotional video released by the club. In it, he explained such occasions took him to his father's graveside, where he would remember, ponder and wish he could share another day in the sun, another day of shared feeling, another day of being together, with their beloved Reds. The big occasions crystallise the mind. The hullabaloo of daily life kind of stops because big things do that to you. The subsequent thinking space creates room to consider what those no longer with us would make of it all. What would they say? Could you feel their happiness? What would you give to do so? Such thoughts can be warming and cruel. You want them though, for reasons that run really deep. Within the sensory overload of fireworks, flares and joy at Sunday's title-clinching day for Liverpool, one fan showed me a bit of what was going on inside. Supporter Stephen Davies pointed to a bracelet he wore, one sporting an inscription which read 'Redmen gang of four... YNWA'. He explained his friends Peter Walsh, Larry Snell and Tommy Lawton - all pictured with a young Stephen below - were no longer with us. Time had taken them. Stephen was left with memories of trips around the country and continent with a group of friends who had seen, felt and shared the joys of success and the tragedy of Hillsborough. I asked him if he would think of them on this day and a subtle nod, illuminated with watery eyes, answered emphatically. They were alive in his thoughts. There are thousands of Liverpool fans celebrating today and millions who no longer can. Football, its highs and the human heart have a way of making sure those lost souls live on. What can be more special than that? So much has been written already to explain Arne Slot's achievement in leading Liverpool to their first title in five years. But you know your club best. So tell us why you think the Reds have cruised to the Premier League with four games to spare. Submit your suggestions here (If you can't be bothered, just choose from our selection...) After Liverpool's Premier League title win was confirmed on Sunday, BBC Sport looks back at five pivotal games in a truly memorable season. Wolves 1-2 Liverpool (28 September 2024) Not the most impressive of performances but a result that defines champions. two weeks after their first defeat of the season at home against Nottingham Forest, Liverpool were pegged back to 1-1 in the second-half but secured a huge win thanks to a Mohammed Salah penalty. It was a win that moved the Reds a point above both Arsenal and Manchester City in the early Premier League table. Liverpool 2-1 Chelsea (20 October 2024) When this game took place, Chelsea were emerging as genuine title contenders, but it was at this point in the season where Liverpool created a foundation that would make them runaway champions. Again, the Reds saw their lead eradicated in the second half but Curtis Jones restored it almost immediately and the celebrations at the end showed the win's importance. It was also a game that made Arne Slot the first Liverpool boss to win 10 of his first 11 matches in charge. Liverpool 2-1 Brighton (2 November 2024) In a crucial three minutes, Liverpool switched this game from 1-0 down at home with 20 minutes to play and potentially relinquishing top spot, to a 2-1 lead and heading to the summit after all. It was the kind of comeback that truly has an Anfield assist as quickfire goals from Cody Gakpo and Salah secured a huge win, made all the more significant by Manchester City's loss to Bournemouth on the same day. Brentford 0-2 Liverpool (18 January 2025) The game which made many Liverpool fans truly believe they could do it. The Reds had drawn their first two matches of 2025 and it looked more than likely to become three heading into stoppage time before the much-maligned Darwin Nunez had his moment of glory, scoring two in stoppage time in front of a raucous away end. It extended their lead to six points with a game in hand. The gap has only got bigger since. Manchester City 0-2 Liverpool (23 February 2025) This win secured Liverpool's first league double over Manchester City since Jurgen Klopp's first campaign in charge in 2016, and illustrated the chasm that has grown between the sides. This was a ruthless, peerless display, condensing the Reds' dominance of this season's Premier League into 90 minutes. Former Liverpool midfielder Danny Murphy says Ibrahima Konate's contract "needs sorting out" given the impact he and Virgil van Dijk have had at the heart of Liverpool's defence. On Match of the Day 2, Murphy said: "There was a lot of talk about Gabriel and William Saliba for a couple of seasons but these two have matched them this season. "Look at the numbers when they play together compared to when they don't. It really is stark. "We don't want to be in the same position next summer, Konate has only got a year left so that needs sorting out." The pair have started together in the Premier League ten more times so far this season than last. Liverpool's points per game is up from 2 to 2.4 and their win percentage is up from 59 to 74. Earlier this season Konate missed six games with a knee injury. During that time Liverpool shipped nine goals. The Reds drew two of those games - 3-3 at Newcastle and 2-2 at home to Fulham. They did win the other four - one of which was the 6-3 at Tottenham. Former Republic of Ireland goalkeeper Shay Given agreed with Murphy's assessment: "On the back of a brilliant season, you have to tie him [Konate] down. You would imagine Van Dijk as well will be in Konate's ear, saying this could be the start of something major at the club." Watch MOTD 2 on BBC iPlayer Alex TurkManchester United fan writer As I sit here with a stern look, a slight headache and a clenched fist, I will find my professional hat and reluctantly pen this. There is a deep hatred between Manchester United and Liverpool. It is unavoidable and what makes a great rivalry tick. But so does mutual respect and that comes naturally to two clubs so far above everyone else on the ladder. So, congratulations, Liverpool. It took you long enough. It has been 12 years of miserable decline since Sir Alex Ferguson completed his mission and took your perch but you finally got there. And how poetic? In the background of Liverpool's most memorable Premier League campaign, United are suffering through their worst. Arne Slot's side, filled with some of Europe's best-paid but finest players, are worthy champions. They are also England's most successful club - that debate is over for now. But that does not make them the biggest. The infinite global interest in the events at Old Trafford speaks for itself. And while Liverpool have been fortunate that the Glazers have let United rot across the last decade, there is a new ambitious tenant wearing the pants. Sir Jim Ratcliffe has made the end game of his passion project clear. His band of brothers have already lit the beacons through their ruthless streak of decisions at the helm. This is no longer a craving for corporate supremacy. It's a football-focused quest for the restoration of order - and greatness. The sight of Liverpool drawing level on 20 English titles hours after United could barely draw against Bournemouth will only fuel the fire. So it might feel like it, looking at the table. But United are not in freefall anymore. Enjoy the glory while you can. This sleeping giant will not be in its slumber for another 12 years. Not a Liverpool fan? Find and follow your club here Liverpool have confirmed the victory parade for their 20th league title will take place on Monday, 26 May. The celebration will come a day after the Reds officially lift the Premier League trophy at home to Crystal Palace on the final day of the 2024-25 season on Sunday, 25 May. Beginning at 14:30 BST, the route will be the same as it was in 2019 and 2022, beginning at Allerton Maze in the south of the city and finishing at Blundell Street, taking around three to five hours. The club are advising supporters to line the whole 15km route and plan their travel in advance. Amid the ongoing celebrations of a 20th league title, it is easy to forget that nobody was tipping Liverpool to be Premier League champions this season. In fact, not one of 30 BBC pundits asked thought they would or could win it. Jurgen Klopp's departure last summer came as shock to almost everyone and many predicted a Klopp shaped hole to be exposed in the Reds this campaign. That wasn't people overreacting either because Klopp won it all during his nine years at Liverpool, and as history has proven when Sir Alex Ferguson and Arsene Wenger left Manchester United and Arsenal respectively, it is hard to just move on. But move on they have. Slot has made the so-called transition period look easy and with four games to spare, he has proved everyone wrong. "The club is in good hands," said Klopp on Slot's appointment last April. "People might worry about the future but I'm not." The phrase 'I told you so' springs to mind. Former Liverpool midfielder Bolo Zenden says Arne Slot turned around criticism with "beautiful football" and "charisma". He is delighted that everybody now sees what the boss can achieve. "I think no one expected him to actually do what he did with his staff and his players," Zenden told BBC Radio 5 Live Breakfast. "In the beginning people were thinking someone's coming in from the Mickey Mouse league and what's he going to do at Liverpool? Very soon he turned around the criticism with beautiful football, with charisma and I think everybody now sees what he's capable of doing. The most interesting thing is probably still to come. "I'm sure he's not going to sit still. It's strange to talk about when you've just won the league but I'm sure that in the back of his mind he's already planning for next season." This video can not be played Former Liverpool midfielder Danny Murphy says the Reds have had the best defender in the Premier League in Virgil van Dijk and the best striker in Mohamed Salah. He also believes Ryan Gravenberch deserves to be recognised as the best midfielder, describing the 22-year-old's reinvention into a holding player as Arne Slot's "masterstroke". And when the stats are weighed up, it is hard to argue against him. Stats compared to other defensive and central midfielders Paul: What a sublime performance. The quality of football from each player, they were hungry and the mindset was to show why we are champions. And they did! Karen: Wow. So many emotions but never doubted this incredible team. What a journey. Cannot explain how proud I am of this club and all the backroom staff. Slot is phenomenal. Jamie: Back on our perch. Joe: My team for over 65 years. I'm 78 and proud to be a fan, win or lose, as we do have the best supporters in the world. 21 titles next year. John: This was such a joy to watch. With everyone packed into Anfield for a real celebration, even without the trophy. CHAMP20NS. Then, now, forever and at last... together. Kate: Myself, my husband and our three boys all have season tickets. Yesterday was such an incredible day and memories made that will last a lifetime with our LFC family Andrew: The Spurs goal settled them down in what they needed to do. Once Luis Diaz equalised (VAR poetic judgement for 2023) it was the consummate professional performance with a glut of goals. Wonderful times. Wonderful celebrations. Jo: It's going to be a wild victory parade. I've been planning on what sandwiches to take for several months. That's confidence. So proud of the team. So happy for us fans. There's nothing like hearing YNWA at Anfield. The emotion was summed up in Virgil's face as it was sung at the end. He didn't want to let us down. Along with Slot and the rest of the squad, he's given his all for this title. Deeply appreciated by all Liverpool fans. Thank you. Gregor: Fantastic team spirit throughout the season. Liverpool eternal heartbeat - and non-alcohol from Austria! Liverpool's Premier League title has been impressive, but here is how it stacks up in the best of the stats... Liverpool's second Premier League title is their 20th English top-flight title overall, moving them level with Manchester United as the joint-most. The Reds have guaranteed their Premier League title with four games remaining – only three sides have ever been confirmed winners with more matches left to play and Liverpool themselves hold the record of seven in 2019-20. Arne Slot is the fourth manager to win the English top-flight title in his first season as Liverpool manager, after Matt McQueen (1922-23), Joe Fagan (1983-84), and Kenny Dalglish (1985-86). Slot is the first Dutchman to manage a side to the title in England, making the Netherlands the 10th nation to win in this country. They are also the first new nationality since Liverpool won in 2019-20 under German Jurgen Klopp. Like Slot, Virgil van Dijk is the first Dutch player to captain a side to the English top-flight title. It is only the second time that the Premier League has been won by a side whose manager and captain were from the same nation, after Arsenal in 2003-04 under a French head coach (Arsene Wenger) and captain (Patrick Vieira). Liverpool have led the league for the vast majority of the Premier League season – including today, the Reds have ended 207 days top of the table in 2024-25, 166 more than any other side. Liverpool's title has been spearheaded by the best attacking record in the Premier League this season - the graphic below shows all the metrics where they rank first. The most important part of this Reds attack has been Mohamed Salah. The winger leads the Premier League rankings for both goals (28) and assists (18) in 2024-25. Only two players have recorded more goal involvements in a season in the competition than his 46, both of which came in 42-game campaigns (Alan Shearer and Andy Cole - 47). Liverpool boss Arne Slot "must be in dreamland" and now has a "wonderful platform" to build from after the Reds' Premier League title win, says former midfielder Danny Murphy. The Reds' 5-1 win over Tottenham on Sunday saw them confirmed as the 2024-25 champions and secured Slot the league title in his first season in charge. It is Liverpool's 20th top flight trophy - equalling the record of rivals Manchester United - and their first since 2019-20 under Jurgen Klopp. "It's a phenomenal first season - so much to admire," Murphy told BBC Sport. "Slot has ingratiated himself with the fans quickly. They took to him – obviously easier when you're winning games of course. "The way he conducts himself, the knowledge, the wisdom. It's things like the game at Old Trafford where he was talking about tactics and what they planned to do to win the game. There are so many little details that he has. He obviously loves the game and knows the game. "There are so many things that they've done that's worked for them, so many things to like. That's a great platform for them to now go and build on." Following in the footsteps of Klopp was never going to be an easy task, but Slot could not have asked for much more from his first campaign at the helm - winning the title, reaching the final of the Carabao Cup and quarter-finals of the Champions League. "He's probably had an easier ride than he ever anticipated because he would have envisaged some hiccups, and there haven't really been many," Murphy added. "He has given himself a wonderful platform where the fans are on board. They've loved what they've seen - they like him, they're singing his name and they're eulogising about him. "It's all positive. He must be in dreamland, honestly. "It's just an unbelievable start for him. Let's be perfectly honest about this, the most ardent Liverpool fans and pundits – and I'm one of them – never envisaged a league title this year after Klopp leaving, and making one signing. "It's just incredible." Highlights and analysis from Sunday's two Premier League fixtures, plus the best of the action from the rest of the weekend. If you missed Match of the Day 2, catch up now on BBC iPlayer. And you can watch Saturday's Match of the Day here. Listen back to the weekend's full match commentaries on BBC Sounds: Bournemouth 1-1 Manchester United Liverpool 5-1 Tottenham Sunk in yet? Liverpool are Premier League champions and you get to celebrate every single moment of it. At the heart of it at Anfield on Sunday was head coach Arne Slot, who has not only made the so-called impossible task of succeeding Jurgen Klopp look so easy, but also managed to equal Manchester United's tally of 20 top-flight titles. It is a special time to be a Red. Liverpool, West Ham, Newcastle United, Manchester United, Tottenham and Chelsea are all interested in signing Canada striker Jonathan David, 25, when his Lille contract expires in the summer - but Marseille are hoping to persuade the player to stay in France. (RMC Sport, via Get Football News France, external) Chelsea are pushing hard to seal the signing of Juventus forward Kenan Yildiz, 19, but face competition from Liverpool, Arsenal, Manchester United and Manchester City for the Turkey international. (Caught Offside, external) Want more transfer stories? Read Monday's full gossip column Follow the gossip column on BBC Sport The Liverpool team bus comes through a red cloud Dominic Solanke shocked Anfield with an early opener Luis Diaz became the 10th Liverpool player to score on their 100th appearance for the club, equalising just 271 seconds after Tottenham had taken the lead Alexis Mac Allister's fifth goal of the season matched his tally for 2023-24 Before half-time, Cody Gakpo put Liverpool in control, making it nine starts in a row at Anfield where he has netted The iconic moment Mohamed Salah posed for a selfie after scoring Liverpool's fourth Destiny Udogie turns into his own net to complete the scoring An emotional moment in front of The Kop The on-pitch celebrations were extraordinary Copyright © 2025 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.