BBC Verify finds that three quarters of British driving test centres have a 24-week wait to book a practical test. As Ukraine reckons with the terms of a possible peace deal, BBC Verify asks what it could mean in practice. BBC Verify looks at the evidence behind allegations that the Salvadoran mistakenly deported to a mega-prison was a dangerous gang member. Some 175 tents raised as part of an expansion to the base's migrant detention centre have been removed. Russian authorities are systematically seizing thousands of homes from Ukrainian residents who fled Mariupol, a BBC Verify investigation finds. As Ukraine reckons with the terms of a possible peace deal, BBC Verify asks what it could mean in practice. Russian authorities are systematically seizing thousands of homes from Ukrainian residents who fled Mariupol, a BBC Verify investigation finds. A look behind the investigation by BBC Verify's Olga Robinson and Christine Jeavans into the seized homes of Mariupol. The analysis shows Israeli troops fired 100 shots during the attack which killed 15 people. BBC Verify examimes social media footage of the fight for control of the Sudanese capital, Khartoum Nick Beake of the BBC Verify team looks at why so many people died in the Pulse club blaze. A close-up look at Chinese projects that worry the White House. BBC Verify: Earthquake video proven fake gets millions of views A clip of Donald Trump Jr allegedly saying on his podcast that the US should have sent arms to Russia rather than Ukraine was very likely generated with AI, experts say. A recent flurry of air disasters have made some people worried about flying - but are crashes on the rise? The video has hallmarks of a Russian disinformation operation, previously investigated by the BBC. US Vice-President JD Vance is visiting Greenland on Friday - but why is the US so interested in the territory? The BBC's Analysis Editor looks at the targeting of press freedom by the Turkish government, as protests in the country continue. The BBC's Analysis Editor Ros Atkins takes a look at the situation on the ground in Ukraine. The BBC's analysis editor takes a look at President Trump's history with Ukraine - and how it set the stage for this week's events. A tattoo belonging to a man from Derbyshire has appeared in a US government document used to identify members of Tren de Aragua, a notorious Venezuelan gang, despite the man having no connection to the group. What is the situation after the historic upheaval in American trade policy. President Trump has made a series of claims about how the US faces "unfair trade" as he justifies his sweeping tariffs on imports from other countries. Analysts have questioned claims that new tariffs are reciprocal and based on those charged against the US. BBC Verify's Ben Chu takes a look at the wide range of different tariffs being imposed on countries. At the heart of the dispute are the Waste Recycling and Collection Officers, who were paid more than some other bin workers. Sir Keir Starmer has claimed more than 24,000 people have been returned since Labour came to power. BBC Verify's Ben Chu looks at how the Chancellor managed to stick to her fiscal rules in the Spring Statement, despite a jump in borrowing costs for the Government. What are Rachel Reeves's rules for the economy? Just over 30,000 projects got the go ahead, the lowest yearly figure since records started in 1979. As Ukraine reckons with the terms of a possible peace deal, BBC Verify asks what it could mean in practice. How many new homes have been added in your area and what is the government's target? BBC Verify finds that three quarters of British driving test centres have a 24-week wait to book a practical test. BBC Verify looks at what we know about the extent of Chinese investment in the UK economy. The IDF's killing of 15 emergency workers has drawn international condemnation. BBC Verify examines new footage of the incident. Analysts have questioned claims that new tariffs are reciprocal and based on those charged against the US. BBC Verify: Earthquake video proven fake gets millions of views What are Rachel Reeves's rules for the economy? An air strike on a hospital in Gaza is reported to have killed a senior Hamas leader Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.