It's election day in Canada and the main party leaders have called on citizens to stay united amid US tariff threats. The BBC's Lyse Doucet breaks down the key issues weighing on voters' minds as Canadians cast their ballots. The impact of what President Trump has done so far is being felt in every corner of American life. The Clearwater Ferry, which had 45 people on board, was struck by a boat which then fled the scene. One hundred days into Trump's second term, Democrats are still reckoning with an election loss and debating the fate of the party The BBC's Lyse Doucet breaks down the key issues weighing on voters' minds as Canadians cast their ballots. At least 10 others were killed after a car drove into a crowd at a street festival in Vancouver, Canada on Saturday night. Trump's border czar Tom Homan says the mothers had made the choice for their citizen children to be removed with them. The impact of what President Trump has done so far is being felt in every corner of American life. The BBC spoke to eight voters asking who they voted for and what their main election issues are. Assassinations, spies and taxes... as Canadians head to the polls, several other countries are closely watching. Here's how - and when - we will know who won the election and will form the new government in Canada. After a campaign upended by Trump’s threats, the Liberals hope they can hold onto power. The unique culture, landscape and weather make running elections in Nunavut both difficult and rewarding. The US health secretary on Tuesday announced the country would ban eight commonly used artificial food dyes, some found in breakfast cereals. The influential financial agency is projecting slower economic growth in the US due to uncertainty around President Trump's tariffs. Officials said there were no injuries reported but that high levels of carbon monoxide were discovered in nearby buildings. Pope Francis visited the US, Mexico and Canada on different occasions before his death at the age of 88. The pontiff made several visits to North America, including to Washington DC in 2015 when he visited the White House and the US Capitol. The impact of what President Trump has done so far is being felt in every corner of American life. The community is reeling after 11 were killed and dozens injured by a car ramming attack on a street event. Five Trump supporters say his first 100 days have met their expectations - with a few surprises and some warning signs. After a campaign upended by Trump’s threats, the Liberals hope they can hold onto power. One hundred days into Trump's second term, Democrats are still reckoning with an election loss and debating the fate of the party The race team told BBC News that both drivers were treated, released, and are recovering well, though still sore. Trump's border czar Tom Homan says the mothers had made the choice for their citizen children to be removed with them. The Clearwater Ferry, which had 45 people on board, was struck by a boat which then fled the scene. Here's how - and when - we will know who won the election and will form the new government in Canada. At least 10 others were killed after a car drove into a crowd at a street festival in Vancouver, Canada on Saturday night. The BBC's Lyse Doucet breaks down the key issues weighing on voters' minds as Canadians cast their ballots. The community is reeling after 11 were killed and dozens injured by a car ramming attack on a street event. The US president came to dominate on the campaign trail, with the contest being viewed as a referendum on how Canada should engage with him. A resident of the city has been charged with murder and work to identify victims is ongoing. Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.