Cause of power cut still unknown, Spanish PM says, as Portugal struggles with transport chaos Spain's Pedro Sánchez warns against speculation and says power has been restored in parts of the country. Shuttered shops and unfinished haircuts - how a day without power unfolded Steve Rosenberg: What's Putin trying to achieve by calling a three-day ceasefire? Ultra-processed foods may be linked to early death Canadians vote in election as Trump repeats calls for nation to become 51st US state Child damages €50m Rothko painting in Dutch museum Constance Marten denies carrying baby in shopping bag UK government condemns 'unacceptable' Kneecap comments UK could see hottest April weather in seven years with 27C expected this week Keep up with the latest from BBC Sport Watch World Snooker Championship: O'Sullivan and Brecel seal quarter-final spots Championship: Bristol City look to seal play-off spot at Leeds Monday Night Club. 28/04/2025. Video, 116 minutesMonday Night Club 28/04/2025 Suryavanshi, 14, makes history with stunning IPL century Why were there thousands of empty seats at FA Cup semi? The top stories from England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland 'Show off' driver who killed three teens sentenced Loch Ness race cyclist dies after crash with car One-year-old girl dies after crash at campsite Daughter of murdered MP calls for Kneecap apology Local elections in England: Who can you vote for in your area? Latest news and must-see moments 'Grandpa robbers' held Kim Kardashian at gunpoint - but didn't know who she was Suspects who are accused of robbing Kim Kardashian at gunpoint in October 2016 stand trial in Paris. Wales still inspires work of Stereophonics front man Salt Path film starring Gillian Anderson to attract tourists to coast Violin used in 1997 Titanic film sells for £54k Wright says he 'cannot accept' Aluko's apology Fairy tales do happen, says BGT audience member 'Why I made Louis Theroux: The Settlers' Video, 00:06:42'Why I made Louis Theroux: The Settlers' Meal ideas, cooking tips and more, updated daily to keep you inspired Nourishing leafy salads that won't leave you hungry Try these recipes for a satisfying lunch packed with good-for-you ingredients. Try this spicy vegan mac 'n' cheese with a crunchy twist Inspired to start running? What to eat to raise your game The easy-to-grow herbs to start with when planting indoors Why this bread was crowned Britain's best loaf Why swimming could be the best exercise you do It's hardly a secret that swimming is good exercise, but you might be surprised by some of its other benefits. 'I made my cochlear implant a fashion accessory' How to run a marathon, according to Romesh Ranganathan The facts and the myths about protein powder What's the difference between sleepiness and fatigue? Audio, 26 minutesWhat's the difference between sleepiness and fatigue? 'I won £50,000 then gambled it away in seven days' Annual energy bills predicted to fall by £166 in July Man discovers he has bought his own stolen car The London neighbourhoods 'gentrifying' most rapidly. Audio, 00:03:07The London neighbourhoods 'gentrifying' most rapidly Grande dame hangs up her ballet shoes aged 89 'Happy tears' as rescue dog completes police training 'I have 15.8m YouTube subscribers - but still live at home with mum' The new tube map being heralded as 'revolutionary' Audio, 00:06:15The new tube map being heralded as 'revolutionary' Everything you need to know as voters in England prepare to go to the polls on Thursday 1 May. A closer look at the week's stories The centuries-old process for choosing a new Pope What's been learned from paddleboard tragedy that claimed four lives Temperatures may be rising, but is it technically going to be a heatwave? Video, 00:01:19Temperatures may be rising, but is it technically going to be a heatwave? Wrexham: Can they really reach the Premier League? Exposing the surgeon behind one of China's most notorious botched surgeries. Audio, 27 minutesExposing the surgeon behind one of China's most notorious botched surgeries Watch a selection of standout clips from across the BBC Who will be the next Pope? 00:01:49, play videoWho will be the next Pope? The Doctor gets out of a sticky situation. 00:01:04, play videoThe Doctor gets out of a sticky situation Why Alexandra Burke is nervous about playing Morticia on stage. 00:00:43, play videoWhy Alexandra Burke is nervous about playing Morticia on stage When will the Luigi Mangione trial take place? 00:01:00, play videoWhen will the Luigi Mangione trial take place? Homeless man gets job offers from all over the world. 00:01:00, play videoHomeless man gets job offers from all over the world Getting to work with your bestie. 00:00:40, play videoGetting to work with your bestie Liverpool fans celebrate historic Premier League win. 00:00:35, play videoLiverpool fans celebrate historic Premier League win Why a big kitchen isn't always best. 00:00:50, play videoWhy a big kitchen isn't always best Weirdest costumes from this year's London Marathon. 00:00:54, play videoWeirdest costumes from this year's London Marathon Why YouTuber Brandon B still lives with his mum. 00:00:58, play videoWhy YouTuber Brandon B still lives with his mum Tigst Assefa sets women's-only marathon world record. 00:00:58, play videoTigst Assefa sets women's-only marathon world record 'We've spent five years building London in Minecraft' 00:01:07, play video'We've spent five years building London in Minecraft' Conor Benn: Relationships with dads more important than boxing. 00:00:39, play videoConor Benn: Relationships with dads more important than boxing JMW Turner's impact on Tomasz Schafernaker's art. 00:00:30, play videoJMW Turner's impact on Tomasz Schafernaker's art Donna Ashworth reads her viral poem Joy Chose You. 00:01:16, play videoDonna Ashworth reads her viral poem Joy Chose You Add to your watchlist on iPlayer and subscribe on Sounds A gritty crime saga set in Liverpool starring Sean Bean Watchlist Add This City Is Ours to your Watchlist in iPlayer Louis Theroux visits the West Bank to meet Israeli settlers Watchlist Add Louis Theroux to your Watchlist in iPlayer Panorama investigates the truth about baby food pouches Watchlist Add Panorama to your Watchlist in iPlayer The Doctor and Belinda face absolute terror Watchlist Add Doctor Who to your Watchlist in iPlayer All the highlights from the 45th London Marathon. VideoAll the highlights from the 45th London Marathon Gabby Logan picks out key moments from the iconic race through the city streets. Revisit one of the all-time greats as The Good Life starts with a bang. VideoRevisit one of the all-time greats as The Good Life starts with a bang 'Why I hesitate to tell people I'm a Gypsy' Video'Why I hesitate to tell people I'm a Gypsy' Have I Got News For You welcomes Jo Brand and Richard Osman. VideoHave I Got News For You welcomes Jo Brand and Richard Osman Fall: A heart-pounding tale of survival as two friends become trapped. Video, 99 minutesFall: A heart-pounding tale of survival as two friends become trapped Scotland ALBA Wales Cymru NI Copyright © 2025 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.