A music and art extravaganza takes place in an 'otherworldly' landscape amid unique volcanic rock formations. The Cook Islands is proving that sustainable tourism isn't just possible – it's essential. Here's how this South Pacific nation is preserving their paradise for generations for come. This car-free isle off Donegal's coast was last inhabited full-time in the 1970s. Now, Owey locals are resurrecting a lost way of life – and adventurous travellers are welcome. With season three of The White Lotus drawing new visitors to the already bustling shores of Phuket and Koh Samui, a very different story is unfolding across the Gulf of Thailand. You can’t book them and you don't know who else will be there, but they're an excellent way to explore Britain's most remote corners – for free. Each year, the small South Australian town of Whyalla becomes home to one of the most spectacular underwater events: the spawning of the giant Australian cuttlefish. The critically endangered Gobi bears undertake arduous journeys of up to 100 miles (160km) to find water. The dam at Marsh Lake, Minnesota, has created an unexpected opportunity for pelicans. It takes three years for an otter cub to master the complexities of a successful hunt. Watch as weaverbirds build intricate nests along the Blue Nile to attract a mate. David Attenborough on the discovery of the dumbfounding platypus. In the 1980s, David Attenborough travels to Florida to meet the opossum in this groundbreaking documentary. David Attenborough tells the story of the animal that once bewildered scientists. Before panda diplomacy, there was elephant diplomacy. We spoke to a foreign affairs expert to find out more. 'Conan the Bacterium' is the most radiation resistant bacteria in the world. Now, scientists know why. First broadcast in 1954, the celebrated naturalist's first on-screen appearance is now available in colour. Jay Christensen makes striking drone's eye videos, showing a new view of the world. He told us about his process. Stargazers are preparing for the next meteor shower but in ancient China, they were more than a stunning display. Father penguins have developed a solution to help distinguish their child from identical chicks in the colony. How do they differ from the ocean? A geophysicist breaks it down for us. The Rosa Damascena, known as the Damask rose, is considered a great treasure in the region of Kazanlak. With storms occurring between 140 and 160 nights a year, it's no wonder this remote part of Venezuela is a world-record holder. Drought forces the real Paddington Bear into deadly conflict with cattle farmers in the Andes. An 11-mile hike in the Bako National Park in Malaysia transports travellers through seven distinct habitats. Two urban explorers' stories of decay tell a tale of a changing American cultural landscape. In the BBC Select documentary Penguins: Spy in the Huddle, we explore the world of penguin fathers. Turning lawns into meadows can have big benefits for people, wildlife and the climate. Here's why 'meadowscaping' has become the latest gardening craze. The prolonged dry, sunny weather in March and April created ideal conditions for wildfires to spread. The creation of three "dire wolf" pups has raised hopes that it may be possible to resurrect extinct animals. But some scientists have grave concerns. Katarina Zimmer put vinegar to the test as a cleaning product and discovered a wide range of benefits, for people and the planet. Deep tracks gouged in the seafloor off the coast of Scotland could help us understand Antarctica today. Swathes of scientific data deletions are sweeping across US government websites – with decades of research at risk. Now, scientists are racing to save their work before it's lost. The "Blue Marble" was the first photo of the whole Earth and the only ever taken by a human. Fifty years on, new images of the planet reveal visible changes to the Earth's surface. These 'gnarly swamp monsters' are breathing life into Florida's Everglades. Rice is a staple food for billions of people around the planet, but a new study suggests climate change may increase arsenic levels contained within the grain. Nearly a decade before Swedish climate activist Greta Thunberg was even born, Växjö set itself on a path to a new vision of green urban living. Marc Cieslak spends a night on ice, camping under the stars. The reason behind the Red Planet's nickname is also why its sunrises and sunsets look pale blue. With its own currency and 'head of state', this American micronation has become an odd tourist destination. Ghost towns are remnants of lost communities but also a testament to nature's persistence. Our star's activity is increasing and that could mean more supercharged light shows on Earth. A wild orangutan has astonished researchers by using a medicinal plant to treat his cheek wound. This rare dual emergence of two different broods hasn't happened for 221 years. New research suggests the fiery moon Io has been spewing lava for billions of years. Scientists had a conversation with Twain, the humpback whale. It's the first ever recorded chat of its kind. The rare phenomenon of asexual reproduction continues to perplex scientists. A metal detectorist has uncovered something pretty unexpected and highly valuable on farmland in rural England. There are many myths surrounding the aurora but satellite technology provides insights into the celestial marvel. Iceland's violent volcanic flare-up has shown how difficult it is to know when an explosion might happen. The gap in our knowledge of great white sharks may have just been narrowed thanks to a YouTuber. The ultra-high-definition video reached Earth in about 100 seconds. Here is what it means. Scientists exploring the ocean off the New Zealand coast believe they have discovered 100 new marine species. They are synonymous with old Westerns but the origins of tumbleweed might surprise you. A hydrogen-sensitive telescope reveals textures and details invisible to the naked eye. In Portugal, a rewilding initiative reintroduces large herbivores in the ecosystem. Explore depths where volcanic fluids meet near-freezing seawater, creating a dynamic clash below. As Romania's bear population grows, so do the opportunities for travellers to come face to face with the predators in a responsible way. A donkey is helping to encourage people to take part in a community litter pick. A decade of conservation was wiped out in days when a wildfire ripped across the Glen Rosa valley. Alarmed at declining numbers of the insects, conservationists are asking gardeners to keep grass long. Farmers who are successfully restoring populations of lapwings worry about future funding. Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.