Spain's Pedro Sánchez warns against speculation and says power has been restored in parts of the country. Residents stuck on trains, phones not working, checkouts off: How a massive power cut caused chaos. Houthi-run media report the bodies of 68 people have been recovered from a migrant detention centre in Saada. The closed-door meeting will begin in the Sistine Chapel and will involve some 135 cardinals from across the world. At least 10 others were killed after a car drove into a crowd at a street festival in Vancouver, Canada on Saturday night. Residents stuck on trains, phones not working, checkouts off: How a massive power cut caused chaos. It's election day in Canada and the main party leaders have called on citizens to stay united amid US tariff threats. Ukraine calls for an "immediate" ceasefire of at least 30 days in response. Trump's border czar Tom Homan says the mothers had made the choice for their citizen children to be removed with them. Houthi-run media report the bodies of 68 people have been recovered from a migrant detention centre in Saada. The BBC's Lyse Doucet breaks down the key issues weighing on voters' minds as Canadians cast their ballots. After a campaign upended by Trump’s threats, the Liberals hope they can hold onto power. Assassinations, spies and taxes... as Canadians head to the polls, several other countries are closely watching. The BBC spoke to eight voters asking who they voted for and what their main election issues are. Vladimir Putin calls a three-day ceasefire in May, coinciding with events marking the 80th anniversary of World War Two's end. Photos show the disruption caused by power cuts that have affected large parts of Spain and Portugal. The community is reeling after 11 were killed and dozens injured by a car ramming attack on a street event. The BBC exposes the members of the security forces who fired on protesters at Kenya’s parliament last year. BBC Sport examines if Wrexham can go up another level and make it to the Premier League following three successive promotions. Photos show the disruption caused by power cuts that have affected large parts of Spain and Portugal. The impact of what President Trump has done so far is being felt in every corner of American life. The unique culture, landscape and weather make running elections in Nunavut both difficult and rewarding. The community is reeling after 11 were killed and dozens injured by a car ramming attack on a street event. Rajasthan Royals' 14-year-old batter Vaibhav Suryavanshi makes history as the youngest player to score a century in men's T20s. Police make 25 arrests so far as officers target Paris, Marseille, Bordeaux and, the city of Lyon. Peter Dutton said Aboriginal "welcome to country" rites are "overdone", after crowds booed an elder last week. Mac-Albert Hengari was arrested on Saturday after allegedly attempting to bribe the woman to withdraw the case. The what, where and when of the Reds' Premier League trophy parade and celebrations. Police make 25 arrests so far as officers target Paris, Marseille, Bordeaux and, the city of Lyon. It comes just days after Russia's Valery Gerasimov praised the "heroism" of North Korean troops. Authorities in Indian-administered Kashmir demolish houses of alleged militants after last week's attack. Peter Dutton said Aboriginal "welcome to country" rites are "overdone", after crowds booed an elder last week. Ronnie O'Sullivan and Luca Brecel both reach the quarter-finals at the Crucble after winning the one frame needed. Rajasthan Royals' 14-year-old batter Vaibhav Suryavanshi makes history as the youngest player to score a century in men's T20s. A national power outage forces play to be suspended for the day at the Madrid Open. BBC Sport looks at the big winners and losers from an eventful NFL Draft, headlined by Travis Hunter and Shedeur Sanders' contrasting fortunes. World number one Judd Trump holds off Shaun Murphy's fightback to move into the World Championship quarter-finals. Rajasthan Royals' 14-year-old batter Vaibhav Suryavanshi makes history as the youngest player to score a century in men's T20s. Follow live text commentary, score updates and match stats as promoted Leeds United take on Bristol City in the Championship. Manchester City reached their third consecutive FA Cup final by beating Nottingham Forest on Sunday, but the semi-final was played with a backdrop of thousands of empty seats in the blue half of Wembley. A national power outage forces play to be suspended for the day at the Madrid Open. Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.