Egypt may have the Pyramids of Giza, but Iraq has the Ziggurat of Ur – an incredibly well-preserved engineering achievement that towers over the ruins of an important ancient city. Along a single road cutting across the heart of Iraq, you can see where people first learned to write, use maths and invent the wheel. Egypt may have the Pyramids of Giza, but Iraq has the Ziggurat of Ur – an incredibly well-preserved engineering achievement that towers over the ruins of an important ancient city. Along a single road cutting across the heart of Iraq, you can see where people first learned to write, use maths and invent the wheel. In a city torn apart by civil war and violence, gardening provides temporary tranquillity. Despite the growing trend in solo travel, women still encounter challenges when they travel abroad alone. But some places are topping the rankings when it comes to safety and equality. In the remote, mountainous region of 'Asir, women's ingenuity can be seen in a 200-year-old artform that's passed from mother to daughter. In a city torn apart by civil war and violence, gardening provides temporary tranquillity. Despite the growing trend in solo travel, women still encounter challenges when they travel abroad alone. But some places are topping the rankings when it comes to safety and equality. In Jordan, a 50km pilgrimage trail follows the path of a 4th-Century nun who journeyed through the Holy Land – centuries before Spain's famed Camino de Santiago. The BBC looks into the psychology behind travel souvenirs: why we buy them, their impact on local communities and the planet, and how we can shop more thoughtfully. It traces the stunning, extraterrestrial landscape featured in films like Star Wars and Dune, while helping to preserve traditional Bedouin culture. The Black Desert offers visitors millions of years of natural and human history – but this may all change with plans to build a new capital city on the desert's edge. It's mentioned in the Bible, has been used by a succession of empires and links some of Jordan's most important historical sites Through decades of conflict, two generations of chefs have served hungry customers this lamb dish cooked in colourful teapots. Liverpool FC's victory at the weekend has produced a strange series of numbers in the league's record books. The CIA officer spent nearly a decade selling secrets to the Soviet Union, leading to the deaths of at least 10 Western agents. In 1994, the BBC spoke to one of the spies he betrayed. In the midst of "the car capital of the world", there's a serene vehicle-free island home to 600 people and a once-upon-a-time way of life. As Radiohead and the RSC launch an innovative reinterpretation of Hamlet, a visit to the play's setting in Denmark brings a new dimension to the tragedy. In April 2020, Indonesian photographer Joshua Irwandi captured one of the most chilling and poignant images of the pandemic. For 16 generations, master gardeners in this one family have dedicated their lives to preserving one of the nation's most cherished – and highly sought-out – symbols. He had tea with the Queen, was blessed by the Pope and spread Hawaiian culture across the globe. More than a century later, a festival dubbed the "Olympics of hula" honours his legacy. In April 1983, a British newspaper, The Sunday Times, claimed to be printing an extraordinary historical document. In fact, the forged diaries were an extraordinary hoax. As the UK celebrates Jane Austen's 250th birthday, there's never been a better time to explore the picture-perfect villages connected to her most famous novel. Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.