Houthi-run media report the bodies of 68 people have been recovered from a migrant detention centre in Saada. Dozens of countries will give evidence at the ICJ hearings, which Israel has labelled a "circus". Israel said it hit a Hezbollah missile store. The Lebanese presidency urged the US and France to press Israel to cease its attacks. But the Qatari PM says there was still no "answer for the ultimate question: how to end this war". The UN agency has delivered its last supplies to meals kitchens, which it warns will run out of food in the coming days. Dozens of countries will give evidence at the ICJ hearings, which Israel has labelled a "circus". Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Shin Bet head Ronen Bar accuse each other of lies or inaccuracies in sworn depositions. A blame game begins amid reports solid fuel intended for ballistic missiles may have been improperly stored. Israel said it hit a Hezbollah missile store. The Lebanese presidency urged the US and France to press Israel to cease its attacks. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's office has sent condolences four days after the Pope's death. The mineral, once widely-used, releases toxic fibres into the air when disturbed that can cling to the lungs and cause cancer. Israel had previously denied its troops were responsible for the killing of a UN worker with tank fire on 19 March. Gazan civilians are losing their fear of Hamas, openly criticising the group on the streets and online. Palestinian Authority president says that Hamas has given Israel "excuses" to continue the Gaza war. Pope Francis had a close relationship with Gaza's tiny Christian community and used his last address to call for a ceasefire. The BBC joins a GP in Gaza as she sees dozens of patients, struggling to treat them with a dwindling supply of drugs. Donald Trump has suggested Iran could face military action if it does not agree to a new nuclear deal. Students, staff, and parents alike are traumatised by what has happened and the destruction that surrounds them. The mother of a Palestinian killed in an IDF attack on emergency vehicles tells the BBC of her loss. At least four people have been killed and 500 more injured in Bandar Abbas. Holocaust survivors were part of the crowds taking part in the annual 'March of the Living', 80 years after the camp was liberated. Netanyahu is the first world leader to visit the White House since the US president announced tariffs on global trading partners. The IDF's killing of 15 emergency workers has drawn international condemnation. BBC Verify examines new footage of the incident. The video was published by the Palestine Red Crescent Society (PRCS), which said it was obtained from the phone of a paramedic who was killed. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Shin Bet head Ronen Bar accuse each other of lies or inaccuracies in sworn depositions. Israel said it hit a Hezbollah missile store. The Lebanese presidency urged the US and France to press Israel to cease its attacks. But the Qatari PM says there was still no "answer for the ultimate question: how to end this war". A blame game begins amid reports solid fuel intended for ballistic missiles may have been improperly stored. One maritime risk firm says it believes the affected containers held solid fuel for use in ballistic missiles. At least four people have been killed and 500 more injured in Bandar Abbas. The UN agency has delivered its last supplies to meals kitchens, which it warns will run out of food in the coming days. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's office has sent condolences four days after the Pope's death. Twenty-one people are reportedly killed in two separate strikes in the northern town of Jabalia. Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.