Vaibhav Suryavanshi has 151 runs from three IPL matches this season Indian Premier League, Jaipur Gujarat Titans 209-4 (20 overs): Gill 84 (50), Buttler 50* (26) Rajasthan Royals 212-2 (15.5 overs): Suryavanshi 101 (38), Jaiswal 70* (40) Rajasthan Royals won by eight wickets Scorecard; Table Rajasthan Royals' 14-year-old batter Vaibhav Suryavanshi made history as the youngest player to hit a century in men's T20s. Suryavanshi pulled Rashid Khan for six to bring up the second fastest hundred in the Indian Premier League (IPL) - and fastest by an Indian player - from 35 balls. The teenage left-hander smashed seven fours and 11 sixes before he was eventually bowled for a stunning 101 from 38 balls as the Royals romped to a eight-wicket win over Gujarat Titans. Suryavanshi, who only turned 14 last month and was signed at last year's auction for £103,789 (1.1 crore rupees), became the youngest player to feature in the IPL earlier in April and made an immediate impact by hitting his first ball for six. He showed all of that same swagger in Jaipur as he dismantled the Gujarat attack to ensure Rajasthan made light work of a chase of 210 for victory. Suryavanshi put on 166 with India batter Yashasvi Jaiswal, who ended unbeaten on 70 from 40, in a remarkable display of hitting. A maximum over deep mid-wicket brought up the century in the 11th over and only West Indies great Chris Gayle, with a 30-ball ton for Royal Challengers Bengaluru against Pune Warriors in 2013, has got to the milestone quicker in the IPL. Victory ended a run of five straight losses for Rajasthan to keep their slim hopes of making the knockout stages alive. Meanwhile, Gujarat - for whom Shubman Gill made 84 from 50 balls and former England skipper Jos Buttler hit an unbeaten half-century in a losing cause - drop to third in the IPL table on net run-rate. Suryavanshi became the youngest player to be signed by an IPL team when he was picked up at the auction after a bidding war last year. He made headlines last October when, aged 13, he scored a 58-ball century for India Under-19s in a Youth Test against Australia Under-19s in Chennai. Suryavanshi was also part of India's Under-19 Asia Cup squad last year. There he scored 176 runs at an average of 44. He plays first-class cricket for Bihar, a state in eastern India where he grew up, and made his debut aged 12 last January. He has played five Ranji Trophy matches for Bihar and has scored 100 runs with a highest score of 41. IPL 2025 points table and top run-scorers & wicket-takers 14-year-old becomes youngest player in IPL history Notifications, social media and more with BBC Sport Comments can not be loaded To load Comments you need to enable JavaScript in your browser Watch World Snooker Championship: O'Sullivan and Brecel seal quarter-final spots Suryavanshi, 14, makes history with stunning IPL century Championship: Bristol City look to seal play-off spot at Leeds A gritty crime saga set in Liverpool starring Sean Bean Louis Theroux visits the West Bank to meet Israeli settlers Panorama investigates the truth about baby food pouches The Doctor and Belinda face absolute terror Who are the big winners & losers from the NFL Draft? 'Liverpool still need new blood' - where will Slot strengthen? A mole, a Lion and a confession - Premiership Rugby talking points Could Wrexham really reach the Premier League? Meet the heavyweight who teaches in sign language The contenders to derail England's home World Cup 'A moment 35 years in the making, this was Anfield's day of destiny' Eubank narrowly beats Benn - extended highlights. VideoEubank narrowly beats Benn - extended highlights Soap opera twists and fatherly love - but what next for Eubank and Benn? 'No-one expected this' - how Slot guided Liverpool to the title Man City beat Forest to reach FA Cup final. VideoMan City beat Forest to reach FA Cup final Who has made Troy's Premier League team of the week? London Marathon breaks world record for most finishers Marathon one of the best experiences of my life - Yee 'Twenty times' - but now Man Utd must exit 'Ice Age' What next for Crystal Palace after WSL relegation? Resilient England finally get test they needed Highlights: Palace beat Villa to reach FA Cup final. VideoHighlights: Palace beat Villa to reach FA Cup final 'Off days don't exist' for Celtic 'mentality monsters' 'Glasner's FA Cup heroes give Tuchel food for thought' Copyright © 2025 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.