As Romania's bear population grows, so do the opportunities for travellers to come face to face with the predators in a responsible way. Running from Inverness to Britain's most northerly junction, the Far North Line passes through sheep meadows, traditional villages and the world's only Unesco-listed blanket peat bog. From bubblegum-coloured lakes in Australia to a solar-powered safari camp in Botswana, these are BBC journalists' top destinations this year. As Radiohead and the RSC launch an innovative reinterpretation of Hamlet, a visit to the play's setting in Denmark brings a new dimension to the tragedy. Long associated with swim-up bars and endless beach time, all-inclusive resorts are rewriting the rules to meet the changing expectations of post-pandemic travellers. Once emptied of wildlife, South Africa's Babanango Game Reserve is now home to the Big Five – thanks to a bold rewilding project led by Zulu communities and global conservationists. In Italy’s Dolomites, the ancient coral peaks glow pink at dawn and dusk in a rare natural phenomenon called the enrosadira – a magical moment that makes skiing here unforgettable. The Cook Islands is proving that sustainable tourism isn't just possible – it's essential. Here's how this South Pacific nation is preserving their paradise for generations for come. The tiny Mediterranean island of Comino has long been overrun by tourists, many lured by social media to photograph its iconic Blue Lagoon. Now, the island is fighting back. In the male-dominated world of Delhi's kabootarbazi, one woman's passion for her birds has earned her respect, admiration – and a place in the sky. Beauty guru Chriselle Lim shares her list of top K-beauty experiences in town, from face lasers to body scrubs. Chef Ruben Bondì knows that Rome's Jewish restaurants serve some of the best food in the city. Here are his picks in the historic Jewish quarter. Bangkok-born actor Dom Hetrakul plays a hotel spa therapist in The White Lotus season three. Here are his top tips for visiting Phuket, Koh Samui and Bangkok. Oracle Red Bull Racing's driver Yuki Tsunoda talks us through the must-see places in Tokyo ahead of his home race at the Japanese Grand Prix. The musician, producer and Real Housewives: Atlanta breakout star loves her hometown. Here are her top local picks, from brunch at Toast to people watching at the Beltline. Nienke Panis-Ringersma has made a career out of following the region's famous blooms. Here are her favourite ways to experience the season, from road trips to bulb picking. Alberto Angela has made a career out of exploring his hometown. Here are his favourite spots to unearth Rome's millennia of secrets, from the Vatican Museums to Ostia Antica. Soca musician Machel Montano shares his recommendations for enjoying his home nation during Carnival season and beyond. An art critic uncovers mysteries from this ancient culture within Saudi Arabia's sandy landscape. 'Off-Map Destination' winner Wolfgat offers a menu made from hyper-local and foraged ingredients. At their peak, they were akin to royalty. Today, their estates conceal hidden treasures. Ronald Reisley, now aged 100, is the last original member of Usonia, a small visionary community in the woods. From the Mouse Bunker to the Embassy of Czechoslovakia, the Cold War buildings that changed history. Nordic etiquette: Learn how to sauna and ice plunge like a Finn and feel great afterwards. Science says that Santa must have a crew of female reindeer. So why do we think Rudolph the reindeer is a boy? On Mount Chimaera, fire has been spitting out from rocks for over 2,500 years. Our local SpeciaList explains why. Find out how Japan's renowned Wajima-nuri lacquerware is crafted through more than 100 intricate steps. Japan's popular hot spring baths come with a unique requirement, full nudity for anyone entering the onsen. A dive into 3,500 years of underwater archeology, sunken cities and Lycian tombs with Prof Hakan Öniz. In a disarmingly frank interview, Holocaust survivor Freddie Knoller recounts his story of survival. In Sweden, a deep-rooted cultural code called Jantelagen stops many from talking about their wealth. Long before pumpkins became a sign of Halloween, people carved faces into turnips to ward off evil spirits. Voodoo, often portrayed as something to be feared, is having a renaissance in New Orleans. A treasure trove of photographs provides a window into early 20th century Jewish shtetl life. The castle located in the Nabatean civilisation's second city, Hegra, has only recently opened up to the public. How tourism is pushing locals to walk that delicate line between preserving and boosting economic growth. The Braai tradition in South Africa is more than just a BBQ, it's a phenomenon that ties the nation together. Today is widely considered an unlucky day. But where did the superstition come from, and why do people still believe in it? This car-free isle off Donegal's coast was last inhabited full-time in the 1970s. Now, Owey locals are resurrecting a lost way of life – and adventurous travellers are welcome. With season three of The White Lotus drawing new visitors to the already bustling shores of Phuket and Koh Samui, a very different story is unfolding across the Gulf of Thailand. You can’t book them and you don't know who else will be there, but they're an excellent way to explore Britain's most remote corners – for free. Nearly a decade before Swedish climate activist Greta Thunberg was even born, Växjö set itself on a path to a new vision of green urban living. From Korea's doenjang and gochujang to Hong Kong's XO sauce and East Asia's fish sauce, Asian cuisines provide hundreds of ways to flavour and season dishes. The baba is often served at Easter in Poland, with the most extraordinary version – the muslin baba – made from a rich dough of flour, yeast, butter and quite a lot of egg yolks. In a quiet corner of North Carolina, bees produce a violet-hued honey so rare and unpredictable that even experts can't explain it – and that's what makes it magical. The sweltering heat during Buddhist New Year calls for Thailand's cooling khao chae, a fragrant and refreshing bowl of rice delicately scented with flowers. In the midst of "the car capital of the world", there's a serene vehicle-free island home to 600 people and a once-upon-a-time way of life. For 16 generations, master gardeners in this one family have dedicated their lives to preserving one of the nation's most cherished – and highly sought-out – symbols. He had tea with the Queen, was blessed by the Pope and spread Hawaiian culture across the globe. More than a century later, a festival dubbed the "Olympics of hula" honours his legacy. As the UK celebrates Jane Austen's 250th birthday, there's never been a better time to explore the picture-perfect villages connected to her most famous novel. Finland has topped the World Happiness Rankings for the eighth year – but the real appeal for travellers lies in the country's values of balance, nature and everyday contentment. For three days every year, Thailand transforms into a "wet and wild" party to celebrate the Thai New Year and the end of the rice harvest season, but this ancient festival is more than just a raucous good time. Iceland is one of the few places in the world where happiness is rising. Locals say the secret lies in nature, gender equality and a deep-rooted sense of resilience. Home to three Michelin-starred restaurants and a royal gingerbread legacy, the unassuming Lancashire town of Ormskirk is fast becoming the UK's most delicious destination. Recent changes by the Trump administration are affecting how US museums and institutions tell the nation's multicultural history to travellers. Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.