Watch World Snooker Championship: O'Sullivan and Brecel seal quarter-final spots Ronnie O'Sullivan and Luca Brecel both reach the quarter-finals at the Crucble after winning the one frame needed. Suryavanshi, 14, makes history with stunning IPL century Championship: Bristol City look to seal play-off spot at Leeds Why were there thousands of empty seats at FA Cup semi? National power outage stops day's play at Madrid Open Who are the big winners & losers from the NFL Draft? Trump beats Murphy in epic last-16 tie at Crucible Eubank discharged from hospital 'Liverpool still need new blood' - where will Slot strengthen? 'A moment 35 years in the making, this was Anfield's day of destiny' A mole, a Lion and a confession - Premiership Rugby talking points Are the 'mini Grand Slams' working? - Second Serve So much to admire about title winner Slot - Murphy. Video, 00:02:59So much to admire about title winner Slot - Murphy 'He's the chosen one!' - The rise of Lamine Yamal. Video, 00:03:42'He's the chosen one!' - The rise of Lamine Yamal Four sent off after post-match brawl in Irish Premiership. Video, 00:02:34Four sent off after post-match brawl in Irish Premiership Watch the celebrations as Celtic clinch fourth title in row. Video, 00:01:46Watch the celebrations as Celtic clinch fourth title in row 'I could have shaved my beard' - Eubank on weight cut. Video, 00:02:42'I could have shaved my beard' - Eubank on weight cut When Mourinho upset Guardiola's Barca superstars Jose Mourinho called it his "most beautiful defeat" - this is how his Inter Milan side overcame Pep Guardiola's Barcelona superstars. Rashford likely to miss rest of season Snooker to review transgender policy Falcons apologise to Sanders over prank call Could Wrexham really reach the Premier League? Player trading, Europe & stability - how Celtic have built domination The contenders to derail England's home World Cup 'Big pressure, but it's great when you have days like this' Video, 00:01:21'Big pressure, but it's great when you have days like this' Howe on the 'road to recovery' after illness. Video, 00:01:15Howe on the 'road to recovery' after illness Pro players rank this season's elite-level footballs. Video, 00:04:37Pro players rank this season's elite-level footballs Liverpool classic & Mahrez hat-trick - Man City's historic semi-final run. Video, 00:04:49Liverpool classic & Mahrez hat-trick - Man City's historic semi-final run How Mourinho became the 'Dark Lord' Video, 00:03:06How Mourinho became the 'Dark Lord' 'We don't want to be like football, but...' - inside rugby's 'away end' Harlequins visit to Leicester was the second match in a controversial Premiership trial of dedicated areas for away fans London Marathon breaks world record for most finishers Celtic trio and Murray vie for player of the year Celtics hold off Magic to take 3-1 series lead Leinster's Snyman set to be fit for Northampton semi Japan's Saigo wins Chevron in five-way play-off Bompastor hopeful Kerr will return this season Soap opera twists and fatherly love - but what next for Eubank and Benn? Aim for world titles, or do it all again - what next for Chris Eubank Jr and Conor Benn after the former's narrow win in their second-generation grudge match? Title won & relegation done... this is what else to look out for Who has made Troy's Premier League team of the week? Meet the heavyweight who teaches in sign language Dubois to fight Usyk at Wembley Stadium on 19 July Wales' imperfect 10 as Six Nations misery is complete Olympic skeleton bronze medallist Deas retires Novak & Griffin win Zurich Classic as McIlroy & Lowry fade How rejection fuelled Mourinho's second Champions League triumph How Barcelona rejection fuelled Jose Mourinho's second Champions League triumph, with Inter Milan in 2010. The life, loss and legacy of Kevin Campbell Blood brothers - bonds and betrayal on a rugby pitch Inside the doping deal for tennis' world number one How does Daniel Levy run Tottenham - and would he ever leave? 'Like a Jason Bourne movie' - how Afghan women's team fled Taliban The painful divorce of Marcus Rashford and Manchester United Atletico Madrid target Romero - Monday's gossip 'No-one expected this' - how Slot guided Liverpool to the title River v Boca - inside the world's fiercest rivalry Ferocious Eubank v Benn fight in pictures Wrexham's remarkable rise - and what comes next Football Daily. Liverpool win Premier League & Crystal Palace into FA Cup final. Audio, 48 minutesFootball Daily Liverpool win Premier League & Crystal Palace into FA Cup final Katie Smith is joined by Nigel Reo-Coker and Luke Edwards. Also hear from Arne Slot. Rugby Union Weekly. Women’s Six Nations: England win the Grand Slam. Audio, 28 minutesRugby Union Weekly Women’s Six Nations: England win the Grand Slam Not by the Playbook. Crossing the line. Audio, 50 minutesNot by the Playbook Crossing the line Stumped. Wisden's top five and what next for West Indies women? Audio, 36 minutesStumped Wisden's top five and what next for West Indies women? Euro Leagues: The Pope’s love of football & tributes to Leo Beenhakker. AudioEuro Leagues: The Pope’s love of football & tributes to Leo Beenhakker World Football. How do Atletico Madrid bridge the gap to Real Madrid and Barcelona? Audio, 8 minutesWorld Football How do Atletico Madrid bridge the gap to Real Madrid and Barcelona? Discover the BBC's best sports podcasts More from BBC News Where and how to watch BBC News Premier League European Football Instagram TikTok Facebook X YouTube Copyright © 2025 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.