Cardamom and pistachios flavour this smooth and creamy frozen treat, which has origins dating as far back as the 16th Century. Hindu pilgrims have long come to Varanasi to die, believing that it will bring salvation. But by wandering aimlessly, Pico Iyer realises this city of death is actually a city of joy. Cardamom and pistachios flavour this smooth and creamy frozen treat, which has origins dating as far back as the 16th Century. Hindu pilgrims have long come to Varanasi to die, believing that it will bring salvation. But by wandering aimlessly, Pico Iyer realises this city of death is actually a city of joy. A herbal tincture that originated in Java's royal courts more than 1,300 years ago is being given a new twist by young Indonesians. More than 500 years before Oxford University was founded, India's Nalanda University was home to nine million books and attracted 10,000 students from around the world. Once symbolic of the power and wealth of the Nattukottai Chettiar community, thousands of gigantic and glamourous mansions in Tamil Nadu now lie in ruins. A herbal tincture that originated in Java's royal courts more than 1,300 years ago is being given a new twist by young Indonesians. More than 500 years before Oxford University was founded, India's Nalanda University was home to nine million books and attracted 10,000 students from around the world. For more than 70 years, this tiny restaurant has been dishing out its signature meal – Kethel's fried chicken – Kerala's spicy, finger-licking food. Some vendors say moonlight and dew are the magic ingredients, but modern developments are moving this beloved sweet treat off the streets and into fine-dining restaurants. For years, sattu flour, the main ingredient in a variety of unpretentious street snacks, has remained at the fringes of India's urban foodscape – but now it's going mainstream. Thiểu Ngô has been serving up a beloved black sesame pudding on the streets of Hoi An for more than half a century. Now his family are continuing his legacy. Combining two of Bangladesh's greatest loves – rice and spice – jhal muri is a pungent snack prepared with drama by street-side vendors with cult followings. While yakitori and satay may be better known, the Philippines has their very own charcoal-grilled delicacies – whose distinctively sweet and tangy flavour unites the nation. Liverpool FC's victory at the weekend has produced a strange series of numbers in the league's record books. The CIA officer spent nearly a decade selling secrets to the Soviet Union, leading to the deaths of at least 10 Western agents. In 1994, the BBC spoke to one of the spies he betrayed. In the midst of "the car capital of the world", there's a serene vehicle-free island home to 600 people and a once-upon-a-time way of life. As Radiohead and the RSC launch an innovative reinterpretation of Hamlet, a visit to the play's setting in Denmark brings a new dimension to the tragedy. In April 2020, Indonesian photographer Joshua Irwandi captured one of the most chilling and poignant images of the pandemic. For 16 generations, master gardeners in this one family have dedicated their lives to preserving one of the nation's most cherished – and highly sought-out – symbols. He had tea with the Queen, was blessed by the Pope and spread Hawaiian culture across the globe. More than a century later, a festival dubbed the "Olympics of hula" honours his legacy. In April 1983, a British newspaper, The Sunday Times, claimed to be printing an extraordinary historical document. In fact, the forged diaries were an extraordinary hoax. As the UK celebrates Jane Austen's 250th birthday, there's never been a better time to explore the picture-perfect villages connected to her most famous novel. Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.