David Kogan, a sports media rights veteran, is to be announced as the first chair of the Independent Football Regulator in the coming days, Sky News can reveal. City editor @MarkKleinmanSky Thursday 24 April 2025 13:06, UK Lisa Nandy, the culture secretary, is to sign off the appointment of a chair of English football's new referee within days. Sky News has learnt that David Kogan, a media industry veteran who has helped negotiate a string of television rights deals across the sport in recent decades, is to be formally approved as chair of the Independent Football Regulator (IFR). Whitehall sources said an announcement could be made by the Department for Culture, Media and Sport (DCMS) as soon as this week, although they added that the timetable could slip by a few days. Money latest: Octopus Energy responds after being forced to ditch advert Keep up with all the latest news from the UK and around the world by following Sky News Once approved, Mr Kogan is expected to face a committee of MPs for a confirmation hearing early next month, the sources added. Sky News revealed last weekend that Mr Kogan had emerged as the frontrunner for the post after an earlier shortlist of three candidates was passed over. The new regulator has the firm backing of Sir Keir Starmer, and is a key element of legislation currently passing through Parliament. FIFA issues warning after Sky News finds 2026 World Cup tickets on sale for up to £46,000 Mansfield Town footballer Lucas Akins jailed for causing death of cyclist in car crash Jamie Vardy to leave Leicester City at the end of the season Mr Kogan, whose boardroom roles have included a directorship at state-owned Channel 4, was initially approached during a previous recruitment process launched under the last Conservative administration. He has some links to Labour, having in the past donated money to a number of individual parliamentary candidates, chairing LabourList, the independent news site, and writing two books about the party. Mr Kogan has had extensive experience at the top of English football, having advised clients including the Premier League, English Football League, Scottish Premier League and UEFA on television rights contracts. Last year, he acted as the lead negotiator for the Women's Super League and Championship on their latest five-year broadcasting deals with Sky - the immediate parent company of Sky News - and the BBC. His current roles include advising the chief executives of CNN, the American broadcast news network, and The New York Times Company on talks with digital platforms about the growing influence of artificial intelligence on their industries. In recent months, Sky News has disclosed the identities of the shortlisted candidates for the role, with former Aston Villa FC and Liverpool FC chief executive Christian Purslow one of three candidates who made it to a supposedly final group of contenders. The others were Sanjay Bhandari, who chairs the anti-racism football charity Kick It Out, and Professor Sir Ian Kennedy, who chaired the new parliamentary watchdog established after the MPs expenses scandal. The apparent hiatus in the appointment of the IFR's £130,000-a-year chair threatened to reignite speculation that Sir Keir was seeking to diminish its powers amid a broader clampdown on Britain's economic watchdogs. Both 10 Downing Street and the Department for Culture, Media and Sport (DCMS) have sought to dismiss those suggestions, with insiders insisting that the IFR will be established largely as originally envisaged. Read more from Sky News:UK car exporter's shares slump to four-year lowAudio technology group Waves hello to £300m London flat The creation of the IFR, which will be based in Manchester, is among the principal elements of legislation now progressing through parliament, with Royal Assent expected before the summer recess. The Football Governance Bill has completed its journey through the House of Lords and will be introduced in the Commons shortly, according to the DCMS. The regulator was conceived by the Tories in the wake of the furore over the failed European Super League project, but has triggered deep unrest in parts of English football. Its creation forms part of a process that represents the most fundamental shake-up in the oversight of English football in the game's history. Be the first to get Breaking News Install the Sky News app for free The establishment of the body comes with the top tier of the professional game gripped by civil war, with Abu Dhabi-owned Manchester City at the centre of a number of legal cases with the Premier League over its financial dealings. The Premier League is also keen to agree a long-delayed financial redistribution deal with the EFL before the regulator is formally launched, although there has been little progress towards that in the last year. "We do not comment on speculation," a DCMS spokesperson said when asked about the impending announcement of Mr Kogan as the IFR chair. "No appointment has been made and the recruitment process for [IFR] chair is ongoing."