We asked for your thoughts after Saturday's Premier League game between Newcastle United and Ipswich Town. Here are some of your replies: Newcastle fans Simon: Another solid performance, bouncing back from last week's Villa game. A good team performance. Kieran Trippier is having a great spell of form and I'm pleased for Dan Burn and Will Osula in particular. Our final position is in our hands, but we are going to need top performances. Very happy with the way we are playing as a strong team. David: I know we weren't firing on all cylinders but we still got the job done comfortably. Remember the days when, at this time of the season, we would be so pleased to reach the 40-point mark? Steve: Great to see Osula finally get some game time. He is a player with a bright future. Ozzy: Great to see Eddie Howe back, but you can tell by looking at him that he's not 100% yet. We got better as the match went on and we should have scored a few more goals. VAR was certainly wrong to disallow Bruno Guimaraes' goal in the first half, as the goalkeeper simply misjudged the flight of the ball and fell over. If we get points away to Brighton and Arsenal, then win both of our home games against Chelsea and Everton, it should be enough to qualify for Champions League. Everyone on Tyneside will be keeping everything crossed for the next few weeks. Ipswich fans Robert: Well the party is over and we are off to the Championship. Once again, a very lacklustre performance. We went down with a whimper and not with a roar. The stats say it all - Newcastle had 22 shots and Ipswich only had four. A very disappointing season, but what a wonder run with two promotions. The main worry I have for an immediate return to the Premier League is whether we will be able to keep our manager and buy players who can compete at the top level. Dave: Kieran McKenna - lucky to go up, deserved to go down and, in my opinion, paid too much to get sacked. Tim: What was Ben Johnson thinking when he committed a blatant foul for his second yellow? That killed the game for us. Our defence did well to keep the score down. I'm going to miss Liam Delap if he does leave - he was a handful for Newcastle with the few scraps he received. Kevin: The game was quite good. Obviously, Newcastle had more possession, but Town had a few chances on the break. Everything changed after the sending off. Then it was down to the spirit of the players to basically keep the score reasonable against a free-scoring team. Yet again marvellous support from the Tractor Boys. We go again next season. Bill: Pathetic performances over the season. They were bang average at best and over-hyped. John BennettFinal Score reporter at St James’ Park There was never really any doubt that Newcastle would welcome Eddie Howe back with a win on Saturday. I spoke to Dan Burn and Nick Pope who both talked about the boost Howe's return after illness gave the squad going into the Ipswich game. Burn told me the manager said to the players earlier in the week that he would take it easy in training but that only lasted 30 seconds before he had stopped the session! That just sums up Howe's personality and drive to make this team better. After the game, Howe admitted to me that he was still lacking energy but he was very keen to thank the fans and everyone at the club for their support. When asked if he had felt the love from the fans, Howe said he had, even if he was in game mode. Newcastle are not back in action until Sunday, which will give him a bit more time to fully recover. But but with Champions League football in sight over four "cup finals" (his words), from what Burn was saying, Howe certainly will not be taking a step back in training. Newcastle United are working on a deal to sign South Korea international defender Kim Min-jae, 28, from Bayern Munich this summer. (Football Insider, external) Newcastle's shortlist for defensive reinforcements also include Sporting's 21-year-old Ivorian Ousmane Diomande, AC Milan's German defender Malick Thiaw, 23, and Dutchman Jan Paul van Hecke, 24, from Brighton. (GiveMeSport, external) Meanwhile Newcastle, Chelsea, Tottenham, West Ham, Liverpool and Manchester United are all interested in signing Canada striker Jonathan David, 25, when his Lille contract expires in the summer - but Marseille are hoping to persuade the player to stay in France. (RMC Sport, via Get Football News France, external) Want more transfer stories? Read Monday's full gossip column Follow the gossip column on BBC Sport Mark Chapman presents highlights and analysis from Saturday's five Premier League fixtures, which saw Ipswich Town's relegation from the top-flight confirmed. If you missed Match of the Day, you can catch up now on BBC iPlayer. Listen back to full match commentary from Newcastle United 3-0 Ipswich Town on BBC Sounds. Newcastle United defender Dan Burn has been speaking to BBC Radio Newcastle about the Magpies' winning performance: "A huge win. I think the home games are going to be really important and I think that was one on paper that everyone expects us to just turn up and win. So there was that extra bit of pressure on that one. "Once we had scored that penalty and they had gone down to 10 men, I think we did a really good job of seeing the game out. We have played against 10 men before and took our foot off the gas a little bit, played slowly and let teams back in. "But I think we were really good. I thought we could have scored more than we got, but we were good value for the win." On his goal: "I think one thing you can guarantee from Tripps [Kieran Trippier] is the assists that he provides and the crosses that he puts in are perfect. I read it well so I didn't really have to do much, I just had to get contact on it. "I'm happy. I think that has been a long time coming, that first Premier League home goal of the season. I've always said I should score a lot more, but I can't complain." On facing his old club Brighton next week: "We are in a good position. I think all of the teams around us are picking up points, but so are we. I think we have good momentum but it would be nice to go down there and put on a good performance. "It would be nice to get a result because I sort of feel like they have had my number the last few times we have been down there. We haven't really performed well against them, but it's the business end of the season now." Listen to the full interview here Newcastle boss Eddie Howe has been speaking to BBC Match of the Day after the win: "It was great being back out there. Maybe we were lacking in a bit of energy, but I'm really pleased with the performance and how we navigated the game. "I thought Ipswich set up really well. They made it difficult for us and got a lot of bodies behind the ball. It was going to be that kind of game where we had to be patient. Of course, having the extra man helped and it was that first goal that was key for us. We played really well in the second half." On the crowd: "They have always been brilliant with me and they are understanding of my situation currently, so a big thank you to everybody. "I've been in game mode but I'm very aware that people have been very kind and very warm with me. It's hugely appreciated." On Dan Burn and William Osula scoring: "Getting goals from different players is key. Dan has always scored important goals for us and it was great to see Will score with a great header. He is a player of rich potential and hopefully that is a real confidence lift for him." On the club's Champions League hopes: "It will go down to the wire. The important thing today was that we bounced back from last week. We have been very consistent and now we have four huge games." Matthew HowarthBBC Sport journalist Saturday's game against struggling Ipswich was viewed by most Newcastle fans as the perfect opportunity to bounce back from last weekend's heavy defeat at Aston Villa - but it was not the straightforward contest the Toon Army might have been expecting. Well, not initially anyway. The Magpies failed to register a single attempt until midway through the first half, but the complexion of the game changed completely when Ipswich's Ben Johnson was dismissed for a second bookable offence eight minutes before half-time. It was one-way traffic from that moment on as Bruno Guimaraes - who had had an earlier effort disallowed - was denied by Luke Woolfenden's goal-line clearance and Sandro Tonali rattled the woodwork with a fierce strike. But the Magpies were awarded a golden opportunity to break the deadlock when Julio Enciso was adjudged by the video assistant referee to have fouled Jacob Murphy inside the penalty area in first-half added time. Alexander Isak took full advantage to score his 22th Premier League goal of the campaign, moving him above Erling Haaland in the scoring charts. The second half was little more than a training exercise for Newcastle as Dan Burn and Will Osula netted their first Premier League goals of the season from Kieran Trippier crosses, earning the hosts a comfortable win on head coach Eddie Howe's return to the dugout. Howe's team face Brighton, Arsenal, Chelsea and Everton in their remaining four games, but with a two-point cushion over sixth-place Nottingham Forest, a place in next season's Champions League is theirs to lose. Newcastle United have dropped just seven points from winning positions in the Premier League this season, fewer than any other side. The Magpies recorded a 78.0% share of possession in this game, the highest by any team in a Premier League match this season and Newcastle United's highest in the competition on record (since 2003-04). Alexander Isak's opening goal was his 22nd Premier League goal of the season, the most of any Newcastle United player in a top-flight campaign since Alan Shearer also scored 22 goals in 2003-04. Were you at St. James' Park or following from elsewhere? Have your say on Newcastle's performance What did you make of Ipswich's display? Come back to this page on Monday to find a selection of your replies Five matches make up Saturday's Premier League action and BBC Sport will bring you every kick. Chelsea v Everton (12:30) Brighton v West Ham Newcastle v Ipswich - BBC Radio 5 Live commentary Southampton v Fulham Wolves v Leicester All kick-off times 15:00 BST unless stated Follow all of the action and reaction here It's great news that Newcastle boss Eddie Howe will be back in the dug-out for this game after his stay in hospital. I don't see his side having any trouble securing the three points here, based on what I saw from Ipswich against Arsenal last week. That game just wasn't a contest, even before Leif Davis was sent off. There is a lot at stake for the Magpies in the race for Champions League qualification, while it is just a matter of time until Ipswich's relegation is confirmed. We might see some anger in Newcastle's performance after their heavy defeat by Aston Villa but, ultimately, this should be a comfortable win for them. Sutton's prediction: 3-0 Read the full predictions and have your say here We asked for your views on which wingers should start for Newcastle against Ipswich on Saturday. Here are some of your comments: Matt: Murphy is locked down on the right. His partnership with Isak is too important to disrupt, so it's between Gordon and Barnes for the left wing. I think currently Barnes deserves to stay in the starting XI. I'm a huge Gordon fan and it pains me to see him starting on the bench, but given current form, and the fact Gordon is working his way back to full fitness still, Barnes deserves 60 mins minimum. It's only fair, as Barnes has patiently waited and made an impact as a sub, and now he's snapped his chance when Gordon gave it to him with the red card. If Barnes' form drops at all, Gordon will have to be ready like Barnes was! Hopefully, they both encourage and push each other to higher levels. Andrew: I think we should start with Gordon and Murphy, then bring on Barnes at half time/60 mins. Then, next week start Barnes and Murphy, then bring on Gordon at half time/60 mins. It would be a good way for Howe to practise squad rotation for next season. David: It's a no-brainer - the starters must be Harvey and Jacob. They have worked very, very hard to get into the first team while Gordon seems to have lost his way. Richard: It's vital that there's meaningful competition for all the positions on the field in order to compete at an elite level. So the selection dilemma over the wide positions is vital. I'm a fan of Jacob Murphy as he absolutely gets his role, both in and out of possession. Gordon and Barnes are better as inverted wingers and therefore better on the left. Murphy is our best option on the right and the stats prove it. Andy: Eddie has to play whoever is in form and Barnes has earned his place. Nice to have Gordon on the bench to cover both Barnes and Murphy, though. Peter: Barnes and Murphy should keep their places. There's no doubting the quality of Gordon, but since coming back on the bench he hasn't actually done anything to justify starting ahead of Murphy or Barnes. Joe NelsonBBC Sport journalist This season, Eddie Howe has had headaches when it comes to selecting his Newcastle starting XI - a luxury he wasn't afforded last term because of injuries. Anthony Gordon and Harvey Barnes have both played every front-three position for the Magpies during the 2024-25 campaign, while Jacob Murphy has effectively nailed down the right-wing spot. Gordon had been keeping Barnes out of the side until he was sent off in Newcastle's FA Cup loss at home to Brighton, and since the Carabao Cup final victory, where Barnes caused all sorts of problems for Liverpool, he hasn't looked back. In his past six Premier League starts, the former Leicester City winger has accumulated four goals and four assists. Gordon has also been recovering from an injury sustained on international duty with England and now finds himself out of the Newcastle starting XI. Of course, either Gordon or Barnes could play on the right, but in their way is an in-form Murphy. The right-sided attacker has 11 Premier League assists so far this season - only Liverpool's Mohamed Salah (18) and Barcelona's Lamine Yamal (12) have more in Europe's top five leagues - and nine goals to his name. Gordon has six goals and six assists in the league, and it is clear that the 24-year-old's tireless work-rate and scintillating pace are a key asset to Howe's side. Barnes' superb form has made it unthinkable to drop him too, so the Newcastle boss certainly has a headache - albeit a good one. What do you think? Which wingers should start for Newcastle against Ipswich on Saturday? Have your say Goal contributions of Anthony Gordon, Jacob Murphy and Harvey Barnes so far in 2024-25. Newcastle United boss Eddie Howe has been speaking to the media before Saturday's Premier League game at home against Ipswich (15:00 BST). Here are the key lines from his news conference: Howe began reflecting on the last two weeks away from management as he recovered from Pneumonia: "I'm OK, I am not 100% in my body, but 100% in my mind. It's been difficult, I try to take a positive from every experience from it but it has been a real challenge. Your health you take for granted, I certainly did. I've been through a range of emotions. I feel like I am on the road to recovery and I'm delighted to be back here." He paid tribute to NHS staff: "The care that I received from the NHS was absolutely first class. I can't thank them enough, they were absolutely brilliant. The love that I felt from them and the well wishes I received from everybody I really appreciated and am so thankful." While he was away, Howe said he had "zero" involvement with managing the team: "You are either all in or all out, and I didn't feel well enough to focus on the football, so I gave Jason [Tindall] and all the coaches the full responsibility. All the coaches have done a brilliant job. I was able to watch all the games, but I wasn't fully there mentally." Asked if his return to St James' Park have an impact, he said: "I don't think it can have that much of an effect. I felt, from watching the two games, that the atmosphere was incredible. I'm just delighted to be back." He confirmed Sven Botman has trained well this week with the squad which is "a really big step for him", while Fabian Schar "we hope will be OK" after being withdrawn against Aston Villa. On the run-in: "I see it being very tight and possibly going to the end of the season for the top five places. I think we have put ourselves in a very strong position. We go into a five-game league now where we have some tough games, but we'll have to be at our best, starting with Ipswich." On opponents Ipswich: "They have dangerous players in their team. They recently went to Bournemouth and won, and we know how hard that game is. They have had a difficult season but their away form has been very strong. They have done better away than they have at home which will be a frustration, but that is a warning sign that this will be a tough game for us." Follow all of Friday's Premier League news conferences and the rest of the day's football news Former Newcastle defender Steve Howey says Liam Delap should be on the radar of the Magpies this summer given his relatively low transfer fee. The Ipswich striker has a reported buy-out clause fee of £30m and has already been linked with Liverpool and Manchester United, but Howey believes Newcastle would be a good fit for the 22-year-old. "He's got potential," said Howey to BBC Radio Newcastle. "He is big, he's strong, he's quick and he's aggressive. "He is a bit of a throwback centre forward because he's very direct in what he wants to do and he can finish. "He's a proven goal scorer because he's not been given many chances at Ipswich but he's still scored a fair amount of goals for them in his first season in the Premier League. Yes, he was at Manchester City where he made a few appearances but this was his first consistent season. "If you look at the market now, I think for £30m it's quite good business and it would be a good club for him to sign for because Newcastle will need options when they are also competing in Europe." Listen to the full conversation on BBC Sounds Newcastle are interested in activating the £30m release clause in the contract of Ipswich and England Under-21 striker Liam Delap, 22, which will become active if the Tractor Boys are relegated from the Premier League. (Telegraph - subscription required, external) Want more transfer stories? Read Friday's full gossip column Follow the gossip column on BBC Sport We asked you to tell us one thing - good or bad - that is currently going under the radar at Newcastle. Here are some of your comments: Nigel: Why have Alexander Isak's goals dried up? Has his head been turned? The irony is that without more goals from him we will not qualify for the Champions League, in which case he will leave. Julie: Squad depth is always an issue for us at the moment - the Aston Villa game was the third in a week and that was a stretch too far for the same XI with only one quality sub. A game a week now until the end of the season should see us finish strong. Mark: I really think that not enough credit has been given to the fact Eddie Howe has not bought a first team signing in almost two years now. Lewis Hall's loan was made permanent, but he was already here in 2023. Lloyd Kelly signed on a free and has been and gone, while Will Osula is a young prospect that was never bought to go straight into the team. Considering the cash spent and high player turnover at rivals such as Chelsea, Aston Villa, Manchester City, Brighton and Nottingham Forest, it's quite incredible. Andrew: Eddie Howe and Mike Tindall have done a fantastic job since coming into our club, but one thing I'd wish they'd work on more is squad rotation. We have some great players who are sometimes playing more minutes than really necessary when we've got some good prospects like Lewis Miley or Will Osula, or solid squad players like Emil Krafth and Matt Targett to come on. Couldn't we have rotated a bit better to keep our star players more fresh? Carl: Our defence. It has had a great season but finding the balance between attack and defence is still not there with far too many soft goals conceded. We need more options at centre-back and overall squad depth. Steve: We need to reinstate Martin Dubravka as number one. He is more reliable than Nick Pope and has better distribution. In the summer, we need to recruit a strong, young keeper like James Trafford. Barry: The one thing nobody seems to be talking about is that while we'd love to be in Champions League next year, it's still a great achievement to have qualified for the Europa League and the fans will be 100% behind our lads whatever competition we're in. So proud! Newcastle United have confirmed that Eddie Howe has returned to work "after a period of recovery". The club recently revealed the 47-year-old manager had been hospitalised with pneumonia. "Eddie Howe has returned to his duties at the club's training centre," the club added in a statement, external. "We thank supporters for their warm wishes." Copyright © 2025 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.