Back pain is one of the leading causes of disability in the world, but an AI-powered app is being used to help patients in the UK to manage their symptoms. But how does it measure up? Inkblot tests play with the human imagination and our mind's ability to impart meaning onto the world around us – but what does AI see in them? Our hands perform thousands of complex tasks every day – can artificial intelligence help robots match these extraordinary human appendages? The brain often blurs the senses – a fact that marketers often use in the design of food packaging. And AIs appear to do the same. Artificial intelligence-powered speech synthesisers can now hold eerily realistic spoken conversations and clone the voices of others. Can we tell them apart from the human voice? Artificial intelligence is being used to generate paintings, images and even sculptures, with some selling for thousands of dollars. Do we need to reframe our definition of art? We find out how AI blurs the line between creation and automation, raising questions about the essence of art. AI runs unfathomable operations on billions of lines of text, handling problems that humans can't dream of solving – but you can probably still trounce it at brain teasers. Not sure what to eat tonight? Artificial intelligence wants to tell you what to cook, but are the recipes it creates any good? We put it to the test. AI v The Mind: We explore the world of food and ask if human expertise is the only way to deliver great flavour. We asked a professional comedian to deliver jokes written by artificial intelligence on stage. It revealed a lot about how much machines understand the human humour. In a clash of wit and technology, we bring together two unlikely adversaries: a comedian and an AI chatbot. If you're struggling to say you're sorry, AI is happy to help. But can robots handle social intelligence? We put their apologies to the test. Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.