Judd Trump has already won the UK Championship this season World number one Judd Trump held off Shaun Murphy's fightback to win an epic last-16 tie and move into the quarter-finals of the World Championship. Trump looked set for a routine victory when he led 12-6 but missed a red into the middle pocket and Murphy capitalised by reeling off four frames in a row. However 2019 champion Trump held his nerve to take the 23rd frame for a 13-10 win and set up a match against either 2023 winner Luca Brecel or 2016 runner-up Ding Junhui in the quarter-final. On Sunday, Trump made the two century breaks he needed to reach the 100-ton mark for the season, an achievement that earned him a £100,000 bonus. The 35-year-old could become the first player to top £2m in prize money in a single season if he wins the world title, the prize for which is £500,000. Trump, speaking to BBC Two, said: "Shaun was in a world of his own for four or five frames and I was a little bit worried, but I had to back myself in that last frame. "In the past I've been a bit hard on myself but I'm a lot stronger mentally and I've learned to appreciate the losses and use them as motivation. "I'm a lot more confident this year, I'm hitting the ball a lot better. I probably have a bit more belief in myself and I feel a lot more calm." On his chances of winning a second world title, he added: "Pretty much every single day [you play] now you are looking to that next session every time. "It's only going to get tougher, we're not even halfway there now. It was an extremely tough draw to be playing Shaun at this stage, with the form he was in." In the other match in the afternoon session, China's Si Jiahui moved into the quarter-finals thanks to a 13-10 win over England's Ben Woollaston, who had eliminated fourth seed Mark Selby in the first round. Si reached the semi-finals two years ago, letting a 14-5 lead slip as he lost 17-15 to eventual winner Luca Brecel. In the quarter-finals, Si will play either Ronnie O'Sullivan or Pang Junxu, with O'Sullivan holding a dominant 12-4 lead and only needing one more frame when that match resumes at 19:00 BST. Woollaston, 44th in the world, felt he had missed a glorious opportunity after recovering from 9-7 behind to get it to 10-10, only to lose the last three frames. He said: "I was 9-7 down and I didn't know how. It was my own fault because there were so many frames I could've won and I should've been 10-6 up. "From 10-10 he played the best he had in the match. He was then brilliant and some of his long pots were out of this world. It's frustrating as tactically I was all over him the whole match, but I couldn't convert my chances." Watch World Snooker Championship: Trump beats Murphy, Si leads Woollaston Trump pockets £100,000 prize for 100 centuries Comments can not be loaded To load Comments you need to enable JavaScript in your browser Watch World Snooker Championship: O'Sullivan and Brecel seal quarter-final spots Suryavanshi, 14, makes history with stunning IPL century Championship: Bristol City look to seal play-off spot at Leeds A gritty crime saga set in Liverpool starring Sean Bean Louis Theroux visits the West Bank to meet Israeli settlers Panorama investigates the truth about baby food pouches The Doctor and Belinda face absolute terror Who are the big winners & losers from the NFL Draft? 'Liverpool still need new blood' - where will Slot strengthen? A mole, a Lion and a confession - Premiership Rugby talking points Could Wrexham really reach the Premier League? Meet the heavyweight who teaches in sign language The contenders to derail England's home World Cup 'A moment 35 years in the making, this was Anfield's day of destiny' Eubank narrowly beats Benn - extended highlights. VideoEubank narrowly beats Benn - extended highlights Soap opera twists and fatherly love - but what next for Eubank and Benn? 'No-one expected this' - how Slot guided Liverpool to the title Man City beat Forest to reach FA Cup final. VideoMan City beat Forest to reach FA Cup final Who has made Troy's Premier League team of the week? London Marathon breaks world record for most finishers Marathon one of the best experiences of my life - Yee 'Twenty times' - but now Man Utd must exit 'Ice Age' What next for Crystal Palace after WSL relegation? Resilient England finally get test they needed Highlights: Palace beat Villa to reach FA Cup final. VideoHighlights: Palace beat Villa to reach FA Cup final 'Off days don't exist' for Celtic 'mentality monsters' 'Glasner's FA Cup heroes give Tuchel food for thought' Copyright © 2025 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.